19049	20080122	1430	1	Welcome to today’s teleconference, at this time all participants are in a listen only mode.  Later there will be an opportunity to ask questions during our Q&A session and please note this call may be recorded.  I’ll now turn the program over to Mr. Kevin Stitt, please begin sir.  
19049	20080122	1430	2	Thank you.  Before Ken Lewis and Joe Price begin their comments, let me remind you that this presentation does contain some forward looking statements regarding both our financial condition and financial results and that these statements involve certain risks that may cause actual results in the future to be different from our current expectations and these factors include, among other things: changes in economic conditions, changes in interest rates, competitive pressures within the financial service industry and legislative or regulatory requirements that may affect our businesses and for additional factors, please see our press release and SEC documents.  And with that let me turn it over to Ken Lewis.  
19049	20080122	1430	3	Good morning and thanks for joining our earnings review.  In our time this morning, Joe and I would like to cover several topics, including various aspects of earnings in 2007, our strategy for capital markets and advisor services and our outlook for 2008.  We’ll cover what we think is relevant for both understanding the quarter and conveying to you our thoughts about the future.  Additional details on our quarterly and full year results are available in the financial supplement.  Clearly the past few quarters have been stressful for shareholders, management and associates, easily the toughest environment since I’ve been CEO of Bank of America.  But at the same time, it’s important to stay focused on our strategic goals and to remember that our business model was designed to handle cyclical stresses, if not the extremes we are experiencing today.  For the full year of 2007, Bank of America earned $15 billion or $3.30 per diluted share.  This includes the deeply depressed results of the fourth quarter in which we earned only $268 million or $0.05 a share.  You also know by now that the earnings decline from earlier periods was largely due to revaluations of structured credit positions, other market dislocations that affected our results and higher credit costs.  While the market has been rocky and certainly impacted our results, our performance, even under these conditions, has not been what it should have been.  Before Joe talks about quarterly earnings and our outlook for 2008, I will spend the next few moments touching on 2007 highlights in each of our businesses.  Many of our businesses had a good year from a revenue standpoint which provides a base from which to deliver strong results going forward.    Starting with global consumer and small business banking, total revenue increased 6% due to impressive performance in non-interest income and increased net interest income.  However earnings of $9.4 billion for 2007 were down 17% from a year ago, due to a 51% increase in provision.  Non-interest income grew 13% due to good card performance and higher service charges.  We increased the allowance for loan losses by around $2 billion, due mainly to ongoing weaknesses in the housing market along with seasoning of several growth portfolios.    Product sales were strong, up 9% from last year, with net new checking accounts exceeding 2 million in 2007.  That makes a total of over 9 million over the past four years.  Product and process innovation helped us maintain our leading positions in most consumer categories.  We regained some traction in the last half of 2007 on retail deposit growth after several quarters of sluggish results.  We attained a long standing goal of a leading position in the origination of direct to consumer real estate loans and maintained our number one rankings as card services lender in the US and UK.  Our efforts in expanding small business continue to produce results with revenue growth of 13%, average loan growth of 27% and growth in active accounts online of 16%.  In short, even though the economy has slowed, we continue to add new retail customers and expand our relationships with existing customers.  Global wealth and investment management earned $2.1 billion in 2007, down 6% from 2006, due to the impact of the cash funds support which Joe will discuss.  On the positive side, asset management fees increased 21% in Columbia.  The integration of US Trust is proceeding as planned and contributed to an increase to earnings in the private wealth management area.  Earnings in premier banking and investments were up 8% due to record brokerage income and good growth in fee based assets and loan production.  Loans with premier customers rose 16% in 2007 with organic growth in deposits of 3%.  The Marsico sale closed during the quarter, resulting in a gain of $1.5 billion pretax, which is reflected in the “all other” segment.  Assets under management in GWIM closed the year at $643 billion, up 7% from a year ago, after adjusting for the sale of Marsico, which had a $61 billion impact on assets under management and the addition of US Trust mid-year and LaSalle.    Global corporate investment banking earned $538 million in 2007, reflecting the negative impact of significant events in the financial market.  For the year, capital markets and advisory services lost $3.4 billion versus earning $1.7 billion in 2006.  Outside of the capital markets businesses, the combination of business lending and treasury services earned $4.2 billion.  This was down from $4.6 billion earnings in 2006 as good client activity, which drove revenue growth, was offset by higher provision expense coming off recent historic lows and increased infrastructure spending.  2007 was a year of heavy investment for the future growth of our treasury business.  As you saw in the press release last week, we have completed most of the strategic review of capital markets advisory services and remain dedicated to customer and client activity, however we are returning to a more basic strategy.    We are currently marketing our prime brokerage business and are downsizing our CDO and certain structured products businesses.  We are resizing international platforms, emphasize core competencies in debt, cash management and trading.  In other words, we will play to our strengths and deemphasize those businesses where we lack scale.  These actions should result in a smaller balance sheet and lower head count and if we started with this action plan on day one of this year, would probably leave our revenue in the capital markets business somewhere around the 2005 level.  Not included in the three business segments is equity investment income of $3.7 billion in 2007 which reflects results from principle investing that benefitted from favorable market conditions, dividends and other returns from our strategic investments.  The contribution to equity investment income from principle investing was approximately $2.2 billion.  That’s higher than we expected a year ago and was driven by a robust market in the first half of the year.  Before I turn it over to Joe, let me make a couple of comments about my expectations in 2008.  Our economic expectations project minimal GDP growth and although a slowdown, not a recession, as we expect a pretty rocky start to the year, improving thereafter.  Absent a market disruption event, like we experienced in 2007, I would expect our earnings per share in 2008 to be well above $4.00 a share.  As I’ve said earlier, US Trust is going well and is on target to be accretive in 2008.  Likewise early results from LaSalle were positive and are expected to add to earnings in 2008.  Business in general is good and we now believe that we will exceed our cost savings projections.  Over the quarter our commercial deposit base has grown 5% in the LaSalle footprint as class benefit from Bank of America’s expanded credit in treasury services capabilities.  Countrywide is expected to close early in the second half of this year, since we believe the impact of Countrywide to earnings will be neutral in 2008, all of our comments today about 2008 exclude the addition of Countrywide.  With our write downs this quarter, we are comfortable that current CDO values are appropriate but could be subject to further changes based on market conditions.  At the time of the LaSalle announcement, we had estimated a tier one capital ratio, which is our most constraining measure, of approximately 7.5%.  Our current capital position is not at our 8% tier one target principally due to the combination of the LaSalle acquisition as well as lower earnings.  Our goal continues to be getting back to that target and we’ll do that through earnings generation, capital raising and no net share repurchases.  Given our outlook for the economy and our earnings potential in 2008, we have not changed our philosophy about the dividend and remain proud of record of 30 straight years of increases.  The environment is very tough and we expect it to remain so for some months to come.  We stay concerned about the level of domestic consumption and spending given the long housing slump, subprime issues and higher fuel and food prices.  Our core businesses of retail banking, card, consumer, real estate, small business, commercial banking, treasury services and asset management remain very sound and in many cases we believe are world class.  We also have strengths in fixed income and certain other capital market businesses and our retooling of these businesses puts us on good footing as well.  Our initiative spend in 2008 is targeted at $1.4 billion, which is more than we spent in 2007 and signals that we have stepped up investments for the future.  Those investments focus on areas like the mass affluent customer base as we continue to expand our offerings to relationship customers that give us more of their business, in essence scaling what is already a proven model.  We have focused a lot of attention on retirement opportunity to capitalize on the continuing change in demographics to grow revenues associated with this shift.  We expect to see continued growth in our mass consumer business as we focus on the cornerstone products of relationship.  This is helping us regain momentum in our deposit growth, add to our leading position in core services, both domestic and international and increased our share of the mortgage market.    With our new goal to market model and our commercial and treasury businesses, we’ve brought productivity gains and improved client satisfaction.  Innovation and products distribution and process improvements stemming from all of our associates efforts in 2007 will serve us well as we start the new year.  While we have reassessed our strategy in investment banking and capital markets, we by no means have hunkered down, now looking forward to leveraging our strengths in 2008.  We’ve also been anticipating the normalizing credit environment that we’re experiencing and have been working closely with our customers and clients to assure them that we are in the lending business, but at the same time we’re focused on getting paid for the risk we take.  With that I’ll turn it over to Joe to expand a bit on the quarter as well as on some of the points that I have referenced.  
19049	20080122	1430	4	Thanks Ken.  Before I dive into the businesses, let me take a minute to summarize some of the larger items affecting this quarter’s results.  Now either Ken or I have discussed these items at different times during the fourth quarter.  We had a negative CDO and subprime related charges during the quarter of $5.3 billion, $4.5 billion is reflected in trading and $750 million recorded in other income.  Provision expense rose to $3.3 billion and included additions to reserves of $1.3 billion.    Our other expenses include costs for VISA.  We also had a charge of approximately $400 million to support Columbia’s cash funds and incurred a write down of around $400 million associated with mezzanine securities we had previously purchased from Columbia’s cash fund.  Our weak trading revenue reflects some negative results on positions other than CDOs and lastly we booked a $1.5 billion gain on the sale of Marsico that Ken referenced.  Now LaSalle closed on October 1 and distorts the trend in many items and while we don’t intend to breakout LaSalle results going forward, we are providing a good bit of detail this quarter.  As Ken said, the LaSalle businesses are doing well and the integration is on track.  Revenue was $685 million consisting of $470 million in net interest income and $215 million in non-interest income.  Most of the revenue was related to commercial banking.  Expenses were $615 million including merger costs and negligible cost saves resulting in an earnings contribution in the quarter of about $0.01.  At closing on October 1, LaSalle added $63 billion in loans, $30 billion in securities and $63 billion in deposits to our balance sheet.  Asset quality has been consistent with our expectations and reported provision expense was $8 million.   Of the increases in NPAs and criticized exposure of the total company, the addition of LaSalle represented 47% or $1.2 billion and 78% or $5.2 billion of the increases respectively.  As Ken mentioned, things are on track.  Cost saves are now projected to be higher than originally expected, but in 2008 this will likely be offset by some short fall in operating earnings, principally in the markets related portion of the business.  We completed all out assessments and are into the execution phase which involves changes to sales processes, product offerings, customer marketing and systems conversions.  Now let me move into some brief comments about the fourth quarter business performance before I talk in detail about capital markets and advisory services, credit quality and a few other topics.    In global consumer and small business banking, earnings of $1.9 billion in the fourth quarter were down 28% from a year ago as revenue growth of more than 7% or $843 million was more than offset by higher provision of $1.5 billion, adding almost $1.3 billion to the allowance for loan losses.  Sales performance in the quarter totaled more than 12 million units, up 11% over last year.  As you can see, total retail deposit balances including our wealth management balances are up 10% from a year ago, driven by a combination of organic and acquisition growth.    On an organic basis, through much of the year, we lagged the market but have regained some momentum in market share in the last half of the year with linked quarter growth of 1%.  Debit card purchase volume increased 13% over last year and revenue grew by 12% to $564 million for the quarter.  Net new retail accounts drove service charges up 17% over last year.  Card services revenue grew 3% from last year as ending managed loans were up 12%.    Now this 3% revenue growth is muted as the IO strip had a negative swing of $260 million year to year and without the swing card revenue increased 9%.  The right down on the IOs during the fourth quarter was $167 million, driven principally by higher projected credit losses.  Purchase volumes were up 6% from last year, driven by international growth as US growth rates remained lower at 4%.  Cash volumes are up 20%.    The first mortgage originations across the company were approximately $25 billion, an increase of 5% from last year and although down originations from the previous quarter, our direct consumer market share continues to grow despite the market disruptions.  Mortgage banking income on a consolidated basis increased $231 million to $386 million on a linked quarter basis, mostly from higher servicing income.  Average home equity loans are up 5% from the third quarter after adjusting for LaSalle.  Now switching to global wealth investment management, earnings of $334 million were impacted by funds support during the quarter.  As Ken mentioned, we recorded a pretax gain from the sale of Marsico in the quarter of $1.5 billion, which was recorded in our corporate results outside this business segment.  As a result of this sale, assets under management was reduced by $61 billion of the total $106 billion that was managed by Marsico.  Marsico continues to manage $45 billion in AUM for Columbia.  Revenues will be reduced by about $450 million annually and expenses by around $150 million annually.  Now included in the results for Columbia was the charge of just under $400 million versus the $600 million we had estimated earlier in the quarter to support Columbia’s cash funds due primarily to structured investment vehicle exposure.  Columbia’s exposure to SIVs across the entire cash fund complex is just above 4% with around half of that being exposure to non-bank sponsored SIVs.  All exposure is senior paper and has been marked by the Columbia funds at year end.  The support agreements remain in place if needed.  Aside from the SIV impact, asset management fees in Columbia grew 21% year to year.  Going forward, revenue should rebound as the absence of the market disruption impact and the addition of US Trust will offset the impact from the Marsico sale.  Additionally, incremental investments in marketing campaigns, client facing associates and our retirement and affluent initiatives is expected to drive future growth in all three of the core units.  Equity investment gains for the total corporation in the fourth quarter were $317 million which is at the low end of the range we discussed last quarter due to market conditions.  Also included in all other was a $400 million write down, related principally to a mezzanine SIV investment we previously purchased out of the Columbia funds.  This investment has been written off.  Finally, let me turn to GCIB and address capital markets and advisory services.  Unfortunately I have to once again report losses in this business.  Markets seemed to recover a bit in early October, only to seize up again in November, making it feel like a repeat of August.  Given the current market conditions, I’ll again go into more detail than usual in order to provide the level of transparency that most of you are looking for.  C mass had a loss this quarter of $3.8 billion as revenues declined $4.4 billion from the third quarter.  Investment banking produced revenue of $577 million and although down 24% from a year ago, exceeded third quarter results by 32%.  Sales and trading results were down $4.5 billion primarily due to the $5.3 billion write down of CDO and subprime related exposures taken in the quarter.    Let me take you through C mass by products.  I’ll start with liquid products as they produced $584 million in sales and trading revenue for the quarter, tops for the year and up 32% from a year ago.  We had strong results with interest rate products and foreign exchange and less of a drag from out muni business that was still burdened by spread widening.    Turning to credit products, sales and trading revenue was a negative $455 million for the quarter, compared to a negative $885 million in the third quarter.  The losses are centered in a couple of legacy books that we continue winding down after our third quarter experiences.  As you know, the market has not been real accommodating for that purpose.    Now before going into other capital markets businesses, let me address where we stand on our non-real estate origination business.  Our share of the leveraged lending forward calendar dropped from $28 billion at the end of September to just over $12 billion at year end.  Our funded positions helped our distribution increase just over $1.5 billion to $6 billion.  There was a good deal of activity as we entered around $5 billion in new commitments, syndicated some and had some deals terminate.  Our third quarter mark, which included consideration of deal fees was pretty close to what it took to distribute and mark our current exposure.  Now there were really no investment grade deals funded during the pipeline in excess of normal levels.  On the CLO front, we are down under a billion dollars of leveraged loan inventory due to some executions and sales during the quarter.  Now let me cover equities real quick before turning to structured products.  Sales and trading revenue in equities of $198 million compared to $244 million in the third quarter.  The decline here was driven by lower client activity in equity capital markets and lower equity derivatives revenue.    Now turning to structured products which includes residential mortgage and asset backed securities, commercial mortgages, structured credit trading in our structured securities businesses, including our CDO business.  Sales and trading results in the quarter were a negative $5.5 billion driven by the marks on our CDO and other residential mortgage exposure as well as on our CMBS origination business.    On the CMBS side, we ended the quarter with $13.6 billion in funded debt.  That compares to $8.4 billion at the beginning of the quarter with fundings of just over $11 billion being offset by securitizations of about $9 billion and the addition of $3.4 billion from LaSalle.  As you’re aware, the CMBS market has been slow resulting in some securitizations that have not been profitable.  We’ve reflected that in our year end marks and losses from this activity for the quarter totaled around $130 million.  This mark also covered our forward pipeline which was down to just over $2 billion at year end from almost $10 billion at September 30.    Now we continue to wind down our structured credit trading business and experienced some additional losses there.  We also experienced negative marks on our non-subprime residential non-agency security exposure, our remained subprime whole loan exposure and our remaining subprime securities manufactured for distributions.  All in, net marks on these books were around $330 million.  The remaining subprime exposure is around $0.5 billion and held in security form.    Now on the CDO side, our losses in the quarter were $5.1 billion after excluding the subprime whole loan marks just mentioned.  This includes charges associated with our super senior exposure, counter party risk associated with wraps on our insured super senior exposure and other sales and trading exposure including the CDO warehouse.  The super senior CDO exposure, before adjusting for the write downs on our super senior piece is shown in the supplemental information we’ve provided.  The highlighted column which shows $12.1 billion, again before our write downs, depicts our subprime exposure that is not insured and where subprime consumer real estate loans make up at least 35% of the ultimate underlying collateral.  Approximately $4 billion of our marks were against this exposure.    Now to give you a little more background on our exposure, for high grade, about 40% of our collateral is not subprime and of the remaining 60% that is subprime, two-thirds is ’06-’07 vintage and one-third is ’05 and prior.  For our 287 mezzanine exposure, 60% of the collateral is not subprime and of the subprime collateral, 60% is ’05 and earlier vintages.  On the cash side for mezzanine, the collateral was heavily weighted towards subprime with about two-thirds being later vintages.  On the CDO squared side for the cash position, about half is non-subprime collateral.  Approximately one-quarter is non-subprime on the 287 puts side.  The subprime collateral is mostly later vintages in these exposures.  Now in addition to the mark on our super senior, a little more than a billion dollars of our charges related primarily to the write downs on our CDO warehouse and on other sales and trading positions that had been retained and manufacturing CDOs or taking as collateral under financing transactions.  The combined subprime CDO sales and trading positions at 12/31 are carried at $600 million or about $0.30 on the dollar.  Finally we also took charges to cover counter party risk on the insured CDOs of around $200 million.    Now from a valuation and management standpoint, we’ve evolved towards a view that for many if not most of these structures will see terminations and therefore have looked through the securities to the net asset value supported by the underlying securities.  In these cases we utilize external pricing services consistent with our normal valuation processes.  We’ve priced over 70% of the exposure in this manner.  The remaining exposure valuations were derived by reference to similar securities or on projected cash flows, the majority being by reference to similar securities.  For those that we valued using cash flow, consistent with my comments earlier, we generally assume that the structures would terminate early and therefore you can think of it as almost an IO valuation.  I might note that we also tested our overall valuation by cash flow analysis.  Now stepping back from the process, while we’re stilling carrying exposure, much of the remaining value is from either the non-subprime collateral, early vintage subprime collateral or shorter term cash flows off the toughest collateral.    Now let me spend a minute or two recapping what we have said recently about the results of our strategic review of the investment banking and capital markets business.  As you heard Ken say, it’s back to basics.  We’ll focus on core strengths and natural advantages.  We’ll exit businesses that don’t align with those objections.   Now we remain committed to serving our corporate sponsor and institutional investor clients needs with a wide range of investment banking services across industries.    Specific actions in the short term involve selling our prime brokerage business and restructuring our international platform.  These actions should result in total revenue levels in capital markets and advisory services more in line with the 2005 levels if these actions were already implemented.  Some of the revenue reductions won’t happen until later in the year, so the quarterly average at the end of the year will probably look more like the ’05 run rate.    Obviously there are expense reductions associated with right sizing the business that will occur throughout the year, but those tend to lag the revenues somewhat.  The headcount reductions will include the 650 front office associates we announced last week and there will be infrastructural reductions to come as well.  Exit costs, severance and goodwill related charges, should be around $0.05 of earnings but we believe those will be more than offset by the gains associated with the sale businesses we’re exiting.  Also, by the end of 2008, we’re expecting trading access to have been reduced by more than $100 billion.    Now let me switch to credit quality.  On a HEL basis, net charge offs in the quarter increased 11 basis points to 91 or $2 billion.  On a managed basis, overall net losses on a consolidated basis in the quarter increased 7 basis points to 1.34% of the managed loan portfolio or $3.3 billion.  Net losses in the consumer portfolios were 1.77% versus 1.62% in the third quarter.    The credit card represents almost 75% of total consumer losses.  Managed consumer credit card losses as a percentage of the portfolio increased to 4.75% from 4.67% in the third quarter which is in line with what we’ve been telling you for several quarters.  30 day plus delinquencies increased 21 basis points to 5.45%.  We have seen an increase in delinquency in our card portfolio in those states most affected by housing problems.    To give you a little insight, the quarter over quarter rate of increase in 30 day plus delinquencies in the combined states of California, Florida, Arizona and Nevada, increased over five times the pace of the rest of the portfolio.  That group makes up a little more than one-quarter of our domestic consumer card book.  Now we’ve mentioned before that we expect to be in the 5-5.5% range for overall consumer card loses for the full year of ’08.  That compares to the 4.75% we experienced in the fourth quarter.  We still expect to be in that range but our normal seasonal patterns like the typical balance drop in the first quarter may cause us to exceed it on a quarterly basis, obviously, for the weakening in the economy to drive it higher.  Credit quality in our consumer real estate business, mainly home equity, deteriorated as a result of housing market conditions getting weaker.  The problems today have been centered in the higher LTV home equity lines principally in states that have experienced significant decreases in home prices.  Home equity reported an increase in net charge offs of $179 million or 63 basis points, up from 20 basis points at the end of September.  30 day plus performing delinquencies were up 25 basis points to 1.26%.  Non performers in home equity rose to 1.25% of the portfolio from 82 basis points in the prior quarter.  Even though our average refreshed FICO score remains strong at 721 and the combined loan to value is at 70%, we have seen a rise in the percentage of loans that have a CLTV above 90% which is driven by the more recent vintages.  90% plus CLTV currently represents 21% of the loans versus 17% in the third quarter.  Now we believe net charge offs in home equity will continue to rise given seasoning in the portfolio and softness in real estate values.  We increased reserves for this portfolio to 84 basis points but wouldn’t be surprised to see losses cross the 100 basis point mark by the middle of this year as we work through higher CLTV vintages.  Relative to the industry’s performance, we believe that our results will continue to benefit from our relationship based direct to consumer strategy.  Again, continued economic deterioration could drive losses higher.  Our residential mortgage portfolio continues to perform well with losses at only 4 basis points in the fourth quarter.  While we have seen some deterioration in sub-segments, namely our community reinvestment act portfolio under our low to moderate income programs that total some 8% of the book, nothing really stands out to us at this point.  Our auto portfolio closed the year with approximately $25 billion in loans.  As many of you remember, we exited auto leasing in 2001 so we’re talking loans in this portfolio, not leases.  Net charge offs in the quarter were $99 million or an annualized 1.53% of the portfolio which is up  41 basis points or $22 million from the third quarter due to normal seasonal patterns as well as signs of deterioration in the most stressed housing markets.  Now switching to our commercial portfolios, net charge offs increased in the quarter to $381 million or 47 basis points, up 5 basis points from the third quarter.  Despite deterioration in small business and home builders, the overall portfolios remain sound.  Net losses in small business which are reported as commercial loan losses are up $40 million from the third quarter and the net charge off rate has risen to 6.33% from 5.89%.  Excluding small business, commercial net charge offs increased $70 million from the third quarter, representing a charge off ratio of 14 basis points.    These small increases are still coming off historic lows and part of the losses reflect net charge offs from homebuilders which were approximately $19 million in the fourth quarter, a decline of $2 million from the third quarter.  Criticized exposure for all commercial rose from $10.8 billion in the third quarter to $17.6 billion due to the addition of LaSalle which was around $5.2 billion and an additional $1.5 billion at legacy Bank of America due mainly to the homebuilder segment exposure.  NPAs rose $2.6 billion to almost $6 billion with LaSalle representing $1.2 billion of the increase and that was $873 million in commercial and $339 in consumer and legacy Bank of America added $1.4 billion.  Again $183 million was commercial and about $1.2 billion consumer.  As you would expect, additional consumer NPAs include home equity and residential mortgage, while additional commercial NPAs involve commercial real estate, homebuilders to be specific.  Homebuilder exposure was $14 billion at year end from a utilized or outstanding view and $21.6 billion in total commitments reflecting the LaSalle addition.  39% of our homebuilder exposure is listed criticized and while it could move higher, we believe the portfolio is well collateralized and reflects both granularity and geographic diversity.    Now coming back to small business, losses have increased significantly throughout the past year.  The sector remains one of the more important and faster growing part of the economy, one in which we grew revenue 13% over 2006 and earned more than $1 billion in 2007, despite higher losses and increased reserve.  While our risk adjusted margins are still attractive in this business, our losses remained elevated.  The deterioration has been driven by seasoning of some large 2005 and 2006 business card vintages.    We have since instituted a number of underwriting changes, such as using more judgmental credit decisions, lowering initial line assignments and changing our direct mail offerings.  The results have been a 15-20 point increase in average FICOs at origination, 15-20% reductions in average line amounts and a meaningful drop in approval rates.  So while we’ll take some time to work through these earlier vintages, small business remains a critical customer segment with attractive, profitable growth opportunities for us.    Now looking again at the total loan book, 90 days past due on a managed basis increased 5 basis points to 66 basis points while 30 days past due increased 33 basis points.  Fourth quarter provision of $3.3 billion exceeded net charge offs, resulting in the addition of $1.3 billion to the reserve.  Deterioration drove approximately two-thirds of the increase reflecting ongoing weakness in the housing market, principally in home equity and the homebuilders sector of our commercial portfolio.  Small business also experienced deterioration.  The remaining one-third of reserve build was due to growth and seasoning mainly in the consumer unsecured lending US card and foreign card portfolios.  Now switching to net interest income, compared to the third quarter on a managed basis, net interest income was at $824 million of which core, which means excluding the trading related, represented $816 million.  Adjusting for LaSalle, core net interest income was up $346 million or just over 3% on a linked quarter basis.    The reported decrease in the net interest margin on a managed basis of 14 basis points was driven by several factors.  First, the impact of the Fed funds LIBOR spread during the quarter.  Secondly, the impact of the LaSalle premium or goodwill being a non interest bearing asset, drove just over 15 basis point decline.  Third, a onetime benefit of restructuring our international aircraft leasing operation.  And finally, core asset growth and funding.    Going forward the Fed fund LIBOR spread impact is dissipated such that when coupled with the rate environment it should offset the absence of the onetime benefit leaving our core net interest margin somewhat stable to this quarter.  As you can see from the bowl chart, our interest rate positioning had become more LIBOR-ily sensitive compared to the end of September.  This change was primarily driven by actions we took as we felt the downside risks had become greater than reflected in the forward rate curves.    As rates reacted to signs of a slowing economy in the fourth quarter we had shifted our cash flow swap off balance sheet position from $113 billion paid fixed to a $34 billion received fixed position and that was our position at year end.  I might note that as of today, we shifted back more closely to where we stood at the end of the third quarter as this downside risk looks to now be imbedded in the forward rates.  We continue to benefit from curve steepening, but with a forward curve that reflects a 2.5% funds rate by the end of 2008 and may settle at 2.25% tonight, we think most of the downside risk is now built in and that the Fed’s moves this morning are consistent with that.    Now just a couple of comments on expenses in the quarter.  Obviously our efficiency ratio is elevated as a result of the losses in capital markets.  Also, this quarter includes expenses for the VISA items.  These costs were equally between our consumer bank and our commercial banking group.  GCIB incentive compensation costs were higher in the quarter as we balanced the need to retain core personnel to execute our strategy going forward against the weak trading performance.  The fourth quarter included $140 million merger and restructuring costs for various acquisitions, the bulk of which were for LaSalle and US Trust.  Now let me say a few things about capital.  Tier one capital at the end of December was 6.87%, down from 8.22% at September 30 due mainly to the acquisition of LaSalle which closed on October 1, and lower earnings in the fourth quarter.  Since the LaSalle announcement in April, we have raised $1.6 billion in tier one capital and the preferred market and we’ve reduced our share repurchases.  Now we remain committed to getting back to our 8% target in order to fulfill our needs from the LaSalle and Countrywide acquisitions and to replenish capital for our reduced earnings in the second half of last year.  While market conditions will dictate the ultimate timing of our actions, it is our intent to access the markets in the near future and we have a variety of alternatives available to us.  The ongoing earnings impact of these capital actions falls in the $0.10 a share range, plus or minus a couple cents, excluding the impact of amounts related to Countrywide.  The trading asset reduction related to our C mass business restructuring will also help us in getting back to our tier one target.  Also as you know, we began marking to market our 8.2% investment in China Construction Bank, increasing OCI by $8.4 billion net of tax.  While tier one was unaffected, it has a positive impact on the tangible and total capital ratios of about 50 basis points.    One final comment before expanding on Ken’s comments about 2008.  The forward lower effective tax rate in the fourth quarter reflects the reassessment and catch up of our annual rate given the lower earnings and a onetime tax benefit from the restructuring of our foreign commercial aircraft leasing operations.  Looking to 2008, you should expect a more normal tax rate of 33-34% on a non FTE basis.  Going forward into 2008, there’s considerable uncertainty about the economic environment.  It’s unclear what ramifications the housing downturn, higher energy costs and the subprime crisis will ultimately have, but we do feel good about our relative position in our businesses as we think about delivering results in 2008 and beyond.  As Ken mentioned, we’re not in the recession camp, as we expect the economy to grow minimally and not contract, picking up momentum throughout the year driven by moderate growth in both consumer and business investments [unintelligible].  However, certain industries like homebuilders and certain states may look or feel recessionary during 2008.    In talking about our ’08, I think we’ve given you starting points as a base for LaSalle, so my comments about growth exclude its impact.  The loan and deposit growth generated by the franchise are expected to benefit net interest income as will the expected steepening of the yield curve.  We expect mid single digit growth in loans, excluding the addition of LaSalle, to be driven by commercial, credit card, home equity and unsecured loans.    Deposits will grow as we continue to benefit from our market leadership and innovation and we expect to grow faster than the market.  Consequently, assuming the forward curves materialize, we expect growth in managed core net interest income to be in the high single digit range on a normalized basis and above that on a reported basis from the addition of LaSalle.  Let me also remind you that the change in NII in first quarter is impacted by day count as well the fourth quarter one time leasing transaction that I mentioned earlier.  Total revenue will be impacted by the bounce back from trading losses as well as lower equity investment gains.  We think a run rate of expectations for equity gains would be around $300-$400 million in 2008 and will be dependent on liquidity events with our customers and dividends from our strategic investments.  Excluding the impact of trading and equity gains, non interest income should grow in the high single digits, led by consumer fee increases in mortgage, card and service charge revenues.  Credit quality will continue as a headwind from the impact of the housing market conditions on consumer asset quality.  Similarly, we would expect to see challenges in the consumer dependent sectors of our commercial portfolios.  Given our economic assumptions, we could see provision expense up 20% compared to reported 2007 levels.  Obviously, continuing deterioration including a recession, could take this number higher, however our strong market position, attractive risk adjusted margins and substantial distribution advantages position us well versus the competition.  Now on the expense side, we’re aiming for strong positive operating leverage from heavy expense control as well as savings realized from the LaSalle integration.  These cost savings are expected to slightly exceed our estimates and we expect to get more than half or our all in savings target of $1.25 billion in 2008.  Since we’re on expenses, remember that similar to the first quarter of the last two year, we will have an additional expense of $0.04-$0.05 in EPS related to our expensing certain equity based compensation awards for retirement eligible employees or FAS 123.  Now to reiterate what Ken said up front, let me say while we are cognizant of the headwinds in the economy and its impact on the marketplace, we feel good about our relative position and absent things getting dramatically worse, we think ’08 will be a reasonable year for earnings.  With that, let me open it up for questions and I thank you for your attention.  
19049	20080122	1430	5	(Operator Instructions) Now we’re going to go first to the site of Ed Najarian from Merrill Lynch, your line is open.    
19049	20080122	1430	6	Hi, good morning.  Couple of questions, first of all, you’ve held the line nicely in the fourth quarter in terms of your credit card loss level and consequently have held the line in terms of your outlook in the 5-5.5 range.  I guess the first question is, is there anything about what’s going on in the economy or what’s going on with the deterioration of the consumer in general and also what’s going on with some of the other card providers and what they’re reporting would lead you to raise that guidance?  
19049	20080122	1430	7	I think we feel fine about the guidance Ed because as you know, we have been pretty accurate in telling you what it was going to look like quarter to quarter in the past.  The only thing that would change it would be if you hit an actual recession and it was pretty severe, then of course you’ve got to go back to the drawing board.  But given our outlook, 5-5.5 looks pretty good.  As Joe said, you may get a first quarter anomaly because of the reduced balances which is typical that you may go over it, but it looks pretty solid, absent of recession.  
19049	20080122	1430	8	Secondarily, you alluded to some more capital issuance and also we’ve had a decline in the market, a pretty significant decline in the market value of China Construction Bank, which I know doesn’t impact tier one but does impact tangible now.  Could you put some more color around exactly what or close to what your plans are in the first half of the year for capital raising initiatives?  
19049	20080122	1430	9	Ed, what we try to do in the remarks we gave you a few minutes ago was to kind of give you a framework for that.  You’ll recall a little over a week ago we talked about that the Countrywide acquisition would require a couple of billion dollars incremental to what would be issued in that transaction to support the asset base.  You couple that with what it would take to get us back towards 8% or toward our target and that’s kind of the way you frame our needs now.  The blend, we have obviously a number of alternatives to us from a preferred standpoint and that’s where we’d most likely be looking.  
19049	20080122	1430	10	Let me make the question a little easier.  Would we be looking for more of a capital raise than the $2 billion that you announced with respect to Countrywide?  
19049	20080122	1430	11	Yes and that’s why I framed it in kind of the EPS impact I mentioned earlier.  
19049	20080122	1430	12	And should we assume that the vast majority of that capital raise will be in some kind of a trust preferred tier one type of non-common equity type of issuance?  
19049	20080122	1430	13	Still evaluating that but obviously you know whether it’s preferred or whether it’s got some component of convertible, the dividend versus the EPS dilution impact of some kind of convertible would be encompassed in the $0.10, kind of plus or minus two that I gave you earlier.  
19049	20080122	1430	14	And then, sorry to take up too much time here, but just one more.  It looks like your subprime CDO write downs are less significant than some of your competitors and you alluded to the fact that I guess most of the driver of your decision process for how much to take in subprime CDO write downs was a mark to model process.  It sounds like you are taking a mark to model process and assuming that you will hold those CDO positions through to maturity, is that the correct way to look at the vast majority of that?  
19049	20080122	1430	15	No it’s probably the other way, Ed, we kind of come to the view from a management standpoint that a lot of these structures terminate and therefore we look through to the net asset values of the underlying securities and that would really be, Ed, the ones that we have kind of cash flowed to term in essence we’ve looked at those and said they’re more like an IO so you kind of cash flow to termination and just value that piece and that kind of puts an IO floor on the value of that.  But it’s probably more of a termination view than a hold to term view that you referenced earlier.   I think what you’ll find is we’ve seen a bit of a bigger multi sector player as opposed to straight subprime imbedded in a lot of the structures and that probably tends to be one of the biggest drivers and then obviously the vintage of the underlying portion that is subprime.  
19049	20080122	1430	16	Ed, we have tried, we obviously tried our very best to look at others and see their mark downs and it gets real hard because the paper is just different.  
19049	20080122	1430	17	Right, okay, alright thank you very much.  
19049	20080122	1430	18	We’ll go next to the site of Ron Mandle from GIC, your line is open.  
19049	20080122	1430	19	Yeah hi thanks, I was going to ask pretty much the same question about CDOs, I guess my only concern is that if I read the table right it’s CDO squared so anything you can elaborate on that regarding the underlying attachment points, that type of thing.  
19049	20080122	1430	20	Ron if you look back in the comments I made earlier, I tried to give you a feel for how much of the underlying collateral was not subprime related and then the vintage that was in it and I think that probably points you to how much of the collateral was not subprime as maybe being the primary driver from that standpoint.  
19049	20080122	1430	21	Okay and then so would it be safe to assume that the subprime part you’ve written down very, very heavily and the non-subprime part you’ve written down lightly?  Would that be a way to think about it?  
19049	20080122	1430	22	It’s a way to think about it, it varies by particular structure because in some it may be earlier vintages subprime that would not make that necessarily correct but I think in general that’s a fair way for you to be thinking about it.  
19049	20080122	1430	23	Okay and just one other thing.  You mentioned in your guidance that we should think that the loan loss provision could be up 20% or so and I was just wondering is that managed or reported that you’re thinking about?  
19049	20080122	1430	24	Reported.  
19049	20080122	1430	25	And managed, what’s your thought in that regard?  
19049	20080122	1430	26	You know if you take, probably for that purpose take the fourth quarter run rate and build some kind of similar increase off of that from a charge off or managed loss standpoint.  
19049	20080122	1430	27	So managed losses, the fourth quarter managed losses times four plus 20%?  
19049	20080122	1430	28	Not to get real specific but I think that’s probably a reasonable way to think about it.  
19049	20080122	1430	29	Okay, thanks very much.  
19049	20080122	1430	30	We go next to the site of Meredith Whitney from Oppenheimer, your line is open.  
19049	20080122	1430	31	Good morning, I have a couple of questions.  First of all Joe if you could just walk me through the insurance, this is on page 19 of the slide deck, because I’m getting 12.1 from the prior period and then 8.1 from the current period.  It doesn’t show where you’ve marked down, I know you breezed through the numbers in terms of where you marked down in the insurance exposure and since that is such a timely relevant issue could you walk us through how you think about those exposures, what mark down you took, what preparation you’ve taken in terms of subsequent downgrades by the rating agencies on those companies that are providing the insurance and then just a follow up if I may.  
19049	20080122	1430	32	It’s a mouthful but if you look at the column before the 12 you can see that our insured exposure was about a little over $4 billion for the subprime related pieces and as a starting point let me give you a tiny bit of background on the underlying exposure for the CDO squared exposure that’s insured.  You made notice in one of the footnotes on there, it’s got more than 35% of subprime collateral we classified as subprime.  But for that CDO squared one there’s over 70% of the underlying collateral is not subprime and that that is is pre ’06-’07 so that gives you on that one.    And then on the high grade positions that are there, they’re about 50/50 subprime non-subprime collateral and then again when you look at the subprime collateral, a little over half I think is pre ’06-’07 vintage so it kind of gives you a feel for the quality of the underlying paper from that standpoint.  We took about a $200 million valuation allowance on what would be deemed the expected recovery from insurance after we ran through those models and that was based on the applicable insurer.  You know it’s spread among some number of them.  I’ll note that the one that’s most notable in the marketplace, ACA, we are not relying on for coverage there.  And so Meredith if you go back and say “what’s the valuation diminution,” which again would be much more limited given the underlying collateral, what we expect there and then you pair cut it and that was our 200 number.  
19049	20080122	1430	33	Okay but if I could just follow up on that before I have the other follow up.  As I understand, regardless of what asset class insurance is covering, if the set insurer gets downgraded, the insurance covering any of those asset classes gets devalued.  So it wouldn’t really matter, is that the right way to think about it?  Whether it’s prime or subprime, the effective insurance is worth less.  
19049	20080122	1430	34	Yeah but you obviously look to your underlying value first then you assume what kind of diminution in value there would be to be able to size your reliance on insurance and my point earlier was that [siten] of that reliance is relatively small and then you do as you described, regardless of what it is, if you’re relying on an insurer you have to assess it based on collectability of that particular insurer.  
19049	20080122	1430	35	Okay but is, what’s now the $4.1 billion of insurance, that’s the only hedge you have, is that right?  
19049	20080122	1430	36	On the super senior?  Yeah that’d be fair.  
19049	20080122	1430	37	Okay and then the other question I had which is, you guys have been great about your thoughts on consumer credit and that wasn’t, as Ed said, tracked where you guys expected and where we had expected, but the commercial side looked like it spiked up.  Now is there any one item in that commercial book that caused it to spike up and has anything changed from a qualitative perspective that you can illuminate us with, please.  
19049	20080122	1430	38	When you say spike up you mean in?  
19049	20080122	1430	39	In the loss and delinquency numbers.  
19049	20080122	1430	40	No, again, if you think about criticized for instance which spiked up quite a bit, it was principally driven by the addition of the LaSalle assets.  And so a lot of your commercial statistics, remember that that franchise had a lot more commercial orientation to it and less consumer which was one of the attractive parts about the ability to grow it, is driving that.  And then within the legacy book, the spike up, remember that our small business statistics roll into the commercial statistics and so that was part of it and that’s why we went into a little more detail there for you and then the rest is principally homebuilder or homebuilder related driven.  
19049	20080122	1430	41	Okay, I’m sorry I lied, one last follow up.  If you guys look at the option that you have on your CCB ownership and then look at the capital levels that you have now and the opportunities that come about because we are in a distressed market for financials, what’s your priority in terms of securing the capital levels to the 8% or taking advantage of an opportunity that may come about this year?  That’s it and I’m done.  
19049	20080122	1430	42	It’s a combination Meredith.    
19049	20080122	1430	43	That’s all I get?  
19049	20080122	1430	44	Yeah.  
19049	20080122	1430	45	Okay, alright thank you.  
19049	20080122	1430	46	We’ll go next to the site of Mike Mayo from Deutsche Bank, your line is open.  
19049	20080122	1430	47	Hi.  Your period end credit card balances were up about 6% in only three months so I’m wondering if that’s indicative of stress with consumers or anything else going on?  
19049	20080122	1430	48	Mike, you know, obviously there was a little dip in payment rates and I’m talking US consumer credit card here for a minute, but not significant and we really didn’t see by the time the end of the year rolled around, we didn’t see that big of a spike in you know kind of number of customers making minimum payments or that big a change in customers paying full so I think it’s generally the fourth quarter balance driven seasonality coupled with that slight change in payments.  Now probably the Canadian card acquisition that was relatively small in terms of the size of growth you know it would be contributing to that, came in, I guess on the average balance basis also.  
19049	20080122	1430	49	And then separately, Ken, you said you expect to earn over $4.00 this year, I’m simply trying to reconcile that with kind of an operating number for the fourth quarter and if I simply take your kind of onetime items on page ten of the presentation slides, you know you get a number, maybe $0.92 or so and if you annualize that $0.92 you’re at about $3.70 for the year, so maybe I’m missing some onetime item that’s not on that page or maybe there’s something else because when you’re at that $3.70, you said take $0.10 off for the capital raising and take $0.05 for some of the retirement expenses, so what should be offsetting those negatives to get you over $4.00, at least conceptually?  
19049	20080122	1430	50	Well, Mike, the first thing is that, for the first time in several years we have a wind at our back on NII and so we said a high single digits even before LaSalle and that’s probably the single biggest driver that that wind at our back on NII, because that’s going to be a pretty big number.  And then we mentioned the other pretty nice increases in non-interest income but if you had to say just one single item conceptually, it would be NII.  
19049	20080122	1430	51	And the Fed cut rates 75 basis points this morning, but what’s the impact on your financials and then what do you think the impact will be on the borrowers?  
19049	20080122	1430	52	On our financials I guess you go back to the comments that we made earlier.  The way we’ve positioned the company and the way we were thinking about forwards would have had us already thinking about a 2.5 kind of end of the year funds rate.  And so while different parts of the curve structure obviously change differently, that in essence would have been imbedded in kind of the discussions we’re having unless it incrementally drives rates lower than what was already in the forwards.    So that kind of that side of it, on the customer side obviously we’ve got we’ve got a number of variable rate type of instruments out there that re-price based on the various indices, prime or LIBOR, et cetera and so it will obviously have an impact from a customer’s borrowing standpoint on that side.  
19049	20080122	1430	53	I guess what I mean by that last question is, Bank of America’s funding costs, at least relative to Fed Funds, have gone up as all banks funding costs have gone up.  How much do you look to pass on those costs to the end borrower and therefore that kind of mutes some of the benefits of the Fed rate reductions on the end borrower?  
19049	20080122	1430	54	I’m having a little trouble with you.  If you go back to looking at, the best way to think about it probably is to fault you back to the bubble charts that we’ve got as opposed to individual line items because that captures everything on a forward basis and that’d be kind of the best way to think about a down rate.  You probably should back up to the 930’s and think about it there because again these things are based off of forward curves.    But on the funding side, clearly you know we have a lot of market based funding that would come through and then on the deposits side obviously there would be some pass through, not dollar for dollar, given the competitive environment we all live in.  But there’d be a piece of it coming through on that side also.  And that would be now that the LIBOR Fed funds curve or spread is a little more in line, that’s probably what drives as much on the deposit pricing side as the pure Fed funds.  
19049	20080122	1430	55	And then lastly, this is not just unique to you, but you intend to raise capital yet the dividend level seems kind of precious to maintain, I just conceptually, why is the dividend so important to maintain when you’re raising so much more capital and your tangible equity ratios at 3.6%?  
19049	20080122	1430	56	Well just because, you know if you’ll think about over a broader term or have a longer term perspective, we’ll get back to the capital levels pretty quickly and return to a more normal state with where we think earnings will go, so it’s just, we think it’s so temporary that that’s a better way to go Mike.  
19049	20080122	1430	57	Alright, thank you.  
19049	20080122	1430	58	We’ll go next to the site of Nancy Bush from NAB Research, LLC, your line is open.  
19049	20080122	1430	59	Yeah guys, I’m going through all the numbers here and I think I’m going to have to get a transcript in the end to sort of sort them all out.  But we’re all looking to see whether companies have, quote, kitchen sink-ed the quarter.  Do you think you’ve kitchen sink-ed the quarter and if you didn’t, where didn’t you kitchen sink it?  
19049	20080122	1430	60	I think we tried to be as prudent as possible in assessing everything we could assess and do the right thing but you do have parameters under which you operate and you have accountants looking at things that you do so within reason we think we did what we should have done.  
19049	20080122	1430	61	If there’s sort of a point of weakness, is it in credit cost, is it in more mark downs, if we had to sort of poke and probe the model for next year’s points of possible negative surprise, so where do you see it primarily?  Is it credit cost?  
19049	20080122	1430	62	You know Nancy we tried to give you in the outlook there kind of a view on credit cost.  Obviously the economy continues to deteriorate farther that’s a soft spot.  And you know likewise, if we were to see other market disruption events, probably driven by credit, quite frankly, you know that would be the type of areas that we would be focused on throughout the year next year.  
19049	20080122	1430	63	Okay.  Secondly, you made a couple of allusions to market share gains and deposit gains in the fourth quarter in the consumer bank.  I think you said you had regained traction in deposit growth and you picked up some market share.  Can you just tell me what was going on there, A, why were you finding that you were losing share and what happened in the fourth quarter to regain share and grow consumer deposits faster?  Is there a product issue, emphasis issue, you know what was going on?  
19049	20080122	1430	64	Yeah, well, you may remember over the last year or so coming off really the MBNA merger where we probably lost some traction on retail deposits, because that’s what we’re really focused on here in your question, and it took longer than we expected to regain traction.  We had begun to emphasize refocus on that you know throughout really the last year or so but it really probably took more hold in the last half of this year and got us back on square footing, taking advantage of our distribution model, et cetera.  Now, having said that, it still remains very competitive from a pricing standpoint but it’s really focused and deliberate focus on trying to drive one of our core products.  
19049	20080122	1430	65	Nancy, we’ve asked ourselves the same question and it just took us a little longer than we thought to regain the momentum and we can’t really pinpoint it further than that.  
19049	20080122	1430	66	And if I could just ask one final question.  Joe, on the small business losses, I mean you gave quite a bit of detail but you have 6% plus annualized losses there is still an interesting number, an eye catching number.  Is it primarily the composition of the loans, was there some lessons to be learned in underwriting, what is the biggest issue there?  
19049	20080122	1430	67	Yeah, Nancy, that is correct.  When we looked at our market share several years ago in small business, we clearly were underpenetrated given the size of our franchise in our scope and we looked to grow that business.  We probably defaulted to underwriting some of that in more of a consumer scoring oriented model and have since learned that you probably need to put more judgmental underwriting in that versus pure scoring.    We’ve cut line sizes, probably advanced a little higher amounts per line and a number of other things and those vintages which would principally be the ’05-’06 vintages are what’s driving a lot of our issues there and again earlier in ’07 we began to curtail but that as those vintages come through, that’s what we’re seeing and so absolutely there were some lessons learned there.  
19049	20080122	1430	68	Nancy, you also see the evidence of that is much lower approval rates.  
19049	20080122	1430	69	So we can expect to see losses perhaps in the near term continue to rise there and then perhaps decline in the latter part of the year?  
19049	20080122	1430	70	Yeah, as those vintages season, that would be correct and you know we’re not quite as high volumes as we were in that period in terms of new balances.  
19049	20080122	1430	71	But they are relatively small in aggregate, that’s the good news.  
19049	20080122	1430	72	Thank you.  
19049	20080122	1430	73	And we’ll go next to the site of Matthew O’Connor of UBS, your line is open.  
19049	20080122	1430	74	Good morning.  You mentioned tightening underwriting standards for new loans in small business and a couple of other areas.  Do you have the flexibility and are you reducing lines that are still outstanding for credit card and home equity?  
19049	20080122	1430	75	Yeah, each product differs but you obviously have flexibility on risk based pricing and other factors in the card business which you know if a customer doesn’t accept then you in essence, you know provide no more funding capacity to and they would wind down if they didn’t accept those change and things of that nature.  So a rather detailed or specific parameters in each product and then clearly on the home equity side if someone’s equity in the home or the CLTV has dropped through the floor you have flexibility there.  The tougher ones are the ones that are borderline on the home equity side but you absolutely have flexibility.  
19049	20080122	1430	76	Matt, actually particularly on credit card, it is a very robust risk based pricing model.  
19049	20080122	1430	77	And then just a follow up on card specifically, I think MBNA’s model was very high lines to encourage balance transfers, so I’m just trying to gauge how aggressive you are there.  I mean if a customer is still current and they have a $50,000 line outstanding, would you reign that in a little bit or if they’re still paying as is, you probably don’t touch it at this point?  
19049	20080122	1430	78	It will depend on what we see from an overall standpoint.  Otherwise, you look at the total behavior, you look at other lines, but if they are paying as expected we wouldn’t touch it, I mean if they’re behaving, not just with us but if they’re behaving across the whole spectrum of their debt accordingly then we wouldn’t do anything.  
19049	20080122	1430	79	Okay, alright thank you.  
19049	20080122	1430	80	And we’ll take our next question from the site of Betsy Graseck from Morgan Stanley, your line is open.  
19049	20080122	1430	81	 Thanks, on small business just one follow up, have you done anything to assess the degree to which the deterioration exposure is coming from housing related areas?  
19049	20080122	1430	82	Yes but I guess I’d say that with most all the consumer products, to the extent we’re seeing deterioration, it is clearly leaning towards those states that have had the most housing challenges and Betsy from that standpoint.  But this one has the added piece of the ’06 ’07 vintages in addition and then I’d say probably on small business you tend to see probably a heavier utilization of home related home equity lines than you might see in some other places which again would drive you into those higher home price depreciation states to where some of its centered.  But overriding that would be this vintage discussion that we said earlier.  
19049	20080122	1430	83	Okay and the time frame for the seasoning in these portfolios is roughly what now?  
19049	20080122	1430	84	Probably, I’m generalizing here, but an 18 month kind of run.  
19049	20080122	1430	85	Okay and just, a little bit bigger picture, what kind of economic environment do you have baked into your tier one ratio outlook?  
19049	20080122	1430	86	Very, very modest growth, virtually none in the first half and then picking up in the third and fourth quarters to possibly get to a 2% growth rate by year end.  But very modest growth but not a recession.  
19049	20080122	1430	87	Okay so, if there were a recession, would that change how you’re thinking about your tier one targets?  
19049	20080122	1430	88	Well, no, but it may link them, the time a little bit or you know I don’t know how severe you mean by a recession so if it’s a mild short recession, probably not much.  But then you got to determine how deep and how long do you think it’s going to be.  
19049	20080122	1430	89	Okay and then the outlook for the provisions where you’re looking for the 20% plus on a reported basis year on year roughly, do you have explicit expectations for housing values, I know it’s very granular market by market that you need to think about housing but I’m just wondering if you have as a result of the announces you do, an expectation for the type of housing values that you’re anticipating that arrive to that provision expectation?  
19049	20080122	1430	90	I think I’d probably actually move you to the Case-Shiller type of expectations and those would give you, you know in the most distressed states highe single digit maybe even low double digit kind of year over year 12 month rolling.  But it depends on which state.  
19049	20080122	1430	91	Okay but you’re using that kind of input into your forecast?  
19049	20080122	1430	92	Right.  
19049	20080122	1430	93	And then, lastly, if I recall correctly your first lien mortgage exposure, you have a variety of insurance or hedging that you’ve done against that and I would assume that those are still in place, is that correct?  Has that changed at all with what’s been going on with the model lines?  
19049	20080122	1430	94	No and remember that our insurance is not for that portfolio is not model line driven.  We sell the second loss position into or basically insure it with a funded structure so there’s not counter party risk and we’ve got some with the GSEs, a slight amount with the GSEs so you can think of that as a counter party, but the bulk of it doesn’t have real counter party risk on it.  
19049	20080122	1430	95	Okay and has that at all been tapped yet?  
19049	20080122	1430	96	No.  
19049	20080122	1430	97	Okay and it’s on the aggregate net charge offs for the first lien portfolio?  
19049	20080122	1430	98	Yes, well its individual buckets so it’s not like a blanket policy, you know you’ve got specific loans underlying the particular tranches of structure.  
19049	20080122	1430	99	Okay but none of them have been tapped at all?  
19049	20080122	1430	100	Nope.  
19049	20080122	1430	101	And then lastly on this CCB option that you have, is it possible to discuss what types of circumstances would lead you to exercise the option that you have to invest further in CCB?  
19049	20080122	1430	102	We’re contemplating all of that as we speak and so I can’t give you an answer other than it’s under active discussion in terms of do we invest more and or monetize some portion of the gain and we’re just in the embryonic stages of deciding that.  
19049	20080122	1430	103	Okay and with the Fed action today, I mean I realize that you’re expectation has been for a lower Fed funds rate using the forward curve but it does seem like we’re getting it earlier in the year than we had anticipated or at least the forward curve had anticipated.  Does that impact those kind of discussions or decisions?  
19049	20080122	1430	104	Not those discussions, I mean obviously may accelerate some benefit from a margin standpoint but not on the discussions that Ken was alluding to.  
19049	20080122	1430	105	Alright, regarding the CCB.  Okay, thank you.  
19049	20080122	1430	106	As I’m showing no further questions at this time I’ll turn it over to Mr. Lewis and Mr. Price for any final remarks.  
19049	20080122	1430	107	We thank you and no final remarks and have a good day.  
19049	20080122	1430	108	This does conclude today’s teleconference, have a great day, you may disconnect at any time.    
24937	20080122	2200	1	Good day and welcome to the Apple Incorporated first quarter 2008 quarterly results conference call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Nancy Paxton, Senior Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance. Please go ahead, Madam.   
24937	20080122	2200	2	Thank you. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. Speaking today is Apple CFO Peter Oppenheimer and he’ll be joined by Apple COO Tim Cook and Treasurer Gary Wipfler for the Q&A session with analysts.   Please note that some of the information you’ll hear during our discussion today may consist of forward-looking statements regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, other income and expense, stock-based compensation expense, taxes and earnings. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in Apple's Form 10-K for 2007 and the Form 8-K filed with the SEC today in the attached press release.   Apple assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information which speak as of their respective dates. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Peter Oppenheimer for introductory remarks.   
24937	20080122	2200	3	Thank you, Nancy. Thank you for joining us. We are very pleased to report our best quarter ever, with the highest revenue and earnings in Apple's history.   Revenue grew 35% year over year to $9.6 billion, an increase of almost $2.5 billion over the previous December quarter’s record-breaking results. The revenue growth was driven by record Mac, iPod, and iPhone sales and strong demand for our recent software releases.   Our domestic business performed very well, with revenue growing 27% year over year and we were especially pleased with our international business, which grew 46% year over year.   Operating margin for the quarter was better than expected at 22.1%, resulting primarily from higher-than-anticipated gross margin and revenue. Net income was $1.58 billion, which was up 57% over the prior December quarter’s results and translated to earnings per share of $1.76. Cash generation for the quarter was over $3 billion, or approximately two times net income.   I’d like to first talk about our Mac products and services, which represented 47% of total quarterly revenue. We are extremely pleased to have shipped 2.32 million Macs, exceeding the previous December quarter shipments by over 700,000 units and representing 44% year-over-year growth. That’s more than 2.5 times the overall market rate of growth for the December quarter based on the latest forecast published by IDC.   Sales of the new iMac we announced in August continued to be very robust, helping drive 53% year-over-year growth in desktop systems. Sales of portables were also strong, increasing 38% year over year. We began and ended the quarter with less than three weeks of Mac channel inventory.   We are extremely pleased with the very successful launch of Leopard on October 26th and the response from both customers and reviewers has been terrific. Total Leopard revenue was about $170 million during the quarter, a significant increase from about $100 million in revenue generated by the Tiger release in its first quarter. We believe that 19% of the Mac OS 10 installed based is already using Leopard.   Now I’d like to discuss our music products and services, which accounted for 50% of total revenue during the quarter. We sold over 22.1 million iPods, surpassing the record levels sold in the year-ago quarter. We began and ended the quarter within our target range of four to six weeks of iPod channel inventory.   One of our primary goals for this holiday season was to establish an entirely new type of iPod in the marketplace, the iPod Touch. This new iPod has the potential to grow the iPod from being just a music and video player into being the first mainstream WiFi mobile platform running all kinds of mobile applications.   Because of the higher cost associated with the large touch screen and more powerful processor required to run applications like Safari, this was the most expensive iPod we’ve brought to market for some time. So we had the challenge of establishing a completely new type of iPod at the top of the line at a price point above where we’ve been for quite some time, and we succeeded.   In addition to selling very successfully, the iPod touch was responsible for the overall increase in iPod ASPs to $181, which drove revenue up 17% year over year. Last week we announced a major software upgrade for the iPod Touch, including five great mobile applications and the ability to watch iTunes movie rentals on its gorgeous screen.   According to the latest data from NPD, iPod’s share of the U.S. market for MP3 players in the December quarter was consistent with the year-ago quarter and in international markets, according to GFK, we continued to gain market share year over year in virtually all European and Asian countries.   We were very pleased with the iPhone momentum and customers continued to rave about their iPhones. We sold over 2.3 million iPhones during the quarter and executed successful launches in the U.K., Germany, and France. Total revenue recognized during the quarter from sales of iPhone, iPhone accessories, and payments from carriers was $241 million. Total deferred revenue from iPhone and Apple TV was $1.44 billion at the end of the December quarter compared to $636 million at the end of the September quarter.   I would like to turn to the Apple retail stores, which also posted record quarterly results. Revenue was $1.7 billion, representing 53% year-over-year growth. The stores generated $405 million in segment margins compared to $259 million in the year-ago quarter. We opened our third store in Manhattan on West 14th street, which is off to a great start and devotes an entire floor to the Genius Bar, personal training, and pro lab.   We opened six other new stores during the quarter, ending with 204 stores. With an average of 201 stores open during the quarter, average revenue per store was $8.5 million compared to $6.6 million in the year-ago quarter.   The stores sold a record 504,000 Macs during the quarter, representing 64% year-over-year growth. Once again, over 50% of the customers buying Macs in our stores during the quarter were new to Mac.   Store traffic hit a new record with 38.4 million visitors during the quarter, representing 14,700 visitors per store per week, an increase of over 10 million visitors from the prior December quarter.   Our stores continued to innovate and provide outstanding customer service. The new concierge teams that were added to all stores were exceptionally well-received by customers and helped direct traffic to the store’s personal shoppers, express bays, genius bars, and studios for training and other services.   The stores delivered over 300,000 personal training sessions during the quarter, a new all-time high.   Total company gross margin was 34.7%, which was stronger than expected due to a more favorable commodity environment, stronger software sales, higher overall revenue, and a weaker U.S. dollar.   Operating expenses were $1.2 billion, including $92 million in stock-based compensation expense. We capitalized only $1 million of software development expense related to Leopard during the quarter compared to $22 million in the September quarter. OI&E was $200 million and the tax rate for the quarter was 32%.   We had very strong cash generation during the quarter, increasing our cash balance by over $3 billion to end with over $18.4 billion. Cash flow from operations was $2.76 billion.   Looking ahead to the March quarter, I’d like to review our outlook, which includes the types of forward-looking information that Nancy referred to at the beginning of the call.   For the quarter, we are targeting revenue of about $6.8 billion or approximately 29% growth over the prior March quarter. We expect the total quarterly cost of non-cash stock-based compensation expense to be approximately $135 million.   We expect gross margin to be about 32%, reflecting approximately $20 million related to stock-based compensation expense. We are guiding gross margin down sequentially primarily as a result of two factors. First, we expect a sequential decline in software sales as Leopard enters its second quarter and iLife and iWork enter their third quarters. Second, we expect sequentially lower revenue due to seasonality as we’ve seen in past years.   We expect OpEx to be about $1.12 billion, including about $115 million related to stock-based compensation. We expect OI&E to be about $190 million and we expect the tax rate to be about 32%. We expect to generate EPS of about $0.94.   In closing, we are extremely proud of our record December quarter results as we reached new highs in product shipments, revenue, and profitability. We believe these outstanding results reflect the excellence of our innovative products and we are very proud of the growth we have achieved. We are very enthusiastic about our announcements in the first two weeks of 2008, including MacBook Air, iTunes movie rentals, new software for iPhone and iPod Touch, and the updated Mac Pro.   We remain very confident in our product pipeline and look forward to the rest of 2008.   With that, I would like to open the call to questions.   
24937	20080122	2200	4	(Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.   
24937	20080122	2200	5	If I just look at your revenue guidance for the March quarter, over the last few years the decline was pretty consistently a 25-point decline in March and yet you are guiding for something worse than that. And if I look at the mix of Macs, which is increasing year-on-year and clearly PCs experienced less of a sequential decline than CE products like MP3 players, it would suggest you should actually see better seasonality all else equal in the March quarter. So if you can just walk through why your outlook is suggesting worse seasonality than what we’ve seen over the last few years.   
24937	20080122	2200	6	I think that the guidance that we have projected of $6.8 billion is up 29% year over year. We provide you guidance that we have reasonable confidence in achieving. We remain very confident in our business and our products and our strategy. Macs just had a terrific quarter. We were up 44% year over year. We’ve had some great announcements at MacWorld, so as I look forward, we remain very confident in the business and the guidance that we’ve provided at 29% is actually up from what we did in the year-ago quarter in March where we grew 21%.   
24937	20080122	2200	7	Let me just follow-up; I believe you gave the channel inventory levels for iPods. Can you give a picture of where Mac channel inventory stands today?  
24937	20080122	2200	8	We ended the quarter below our target range and we started the quarter below our target range.   
24937	20080122	2200	9	Okay, great, thanks.   
24937	20080122	2200	10	Thanks, Katy. Could we have the next question, please?  
24937	20080122	2200	11	And that comes from FTN Midwest, Bill Fearnley.  
24937	20080122	2200	12	Yes, thanks. Could I ask another follow-up question on Macintosh here? When you look at the pro segment, now that you have Creative Suite, larger monitors, and more powerful Macs, since they’ve been available, what did that do to the Macintosh business if anything for the quarter? And does that color your outlook here for the upcoming quarter at all?  
24937	20080122	2200	13	Generally the Macintosh business is on fire. We’ve done 44% year over year. The Mac business has incredible momentum.   
24937	20080122	2200	14	But particularly to the pro segment though.   
24937	20080122	2200	15	The pro segment itself, the part that we can measure the best, which is around pro audio software and video, pro audio was up very significantly year over year and the video business continued to perform very well.   
24937	20080122	2200	16	Okay, and what were the effects of the iPhone rebate redemptions during the quarter, if anything? Anything significant?  
24937	20080122	2200	17	Bill, I think customers really appreciated that we provided the $100 credit. The impact of that at this point is largely behind us and we saw that in both the September and the December quarter.   
24937	20080122	2200	18	And then one last, if I could; on the iPhone unit expectations for 2008, are you guys providing any type of update on that today? Thanks.   
24937	20080122	2200	19	We remain very confident in hitting the 10 million goal for 2008.   
24937	20080122	2200	20	Thanks, Bill. Could we have the next question, please?  
24937	20080122	2200	21	And we’ll hear from David Bailey with Goldman Sachs.  
24937	20080122	2200	22	Thank you very much. Just a couple of questions; could you just give a little bit more detail on what your inventory targets are in the channel in terms of weeks? And it seems that you implied that you are unable to meet all of the demand that was out there. Can you give us some more detail on where you might have come up short, either by geo or product line?  
24937	20080122	2200	23	David, are you talking about the Macintosh specifically?   
24937	20080122	2200	24	Yes.   
24937	20080122	2200	25	As you know, our target for the Mac is to be between four and five weeks of inventory and we did not end the quarter within that range. We ended it significantly less than the range. We did that because Macintosh sales were much higher than we anticipated for the quarter, had tremendous momentum throughout the quarter and we are obviously trying to remedy that situation now.   
24937	20080122	2200	26	And do you think you can get back within the four to six week range, four to five week range by the end of March?  
24937	20080122	2200	27	You know, we don’t forecast channel inventory but Peter has given you our guidance and embedded in that is our supply and demand forecast.   
24937	20080122	2200	28	Okay, and then just on the iPods, it looks like units were up only sort of in the mid-single-digits year over year, yet you gained some share. Are we reaching a saturation point for MP3 players or is there still room to grow there?  
24937	20080122	2200	29	We view the iPod market as bigger than a market for just simple music players. This is one of the reasons we developed the iPod Touch and we believe that one of the iPod’s future direction is to become the first mainstream WiFi mobile platform.   As I indicated in my prepared remarks, the Touch is off to a great start. We really succeeded in the introduction and it played a big role in our growing revenue 17% year over year, and we don’t think that revenue growth like this is characteristic of a saturated market.   
24937	20080122	2200	30	Thank you.   
24937	20080122	2200	31	Thanks, David. Could we have the next question, please?  
24937	20080122	2200	32	And we’ll hear from Bill Shope with J.P. Morgan.  
24937	20080122	2200	33	Great, thanks. Can you give us any sense of whether you are seeing any cannibalization at all yet going on between the iPod and the iPhone? I know last quarter you said you didn’t have enough data. I was wondering if you had enough incremental data now to make a judgment there.   
24937	20080122	2200	34	When we look at the U.K., France, and Germany, there is no obvious evidence of cannibalization at all. In the U.S. where iPod unit sales were flat year over year, it could have been one of the factors but other factors played into that as well, so it is very difficult to say with any precision whether there was cannibalization or not.   
24937	20080122	2200	35	Okay, and then can you give us any color on inventory levels for iPhones exiting the quarter?  
24937	20080122	2200	36	We’re not providing specific iPhone inventories. As you know, we have one channel partner for each country and we’re employing our proven systems and processes with iPhone to manage inventory efficiently, just like we do with Mac and iPod.   
24937	20080122	2200	37	Okay, and then one final question, looking at the ASP trends for iPods, obviously that was a big help this quarter. Do you think we, given the success of the Touch, we should see the ASP trends hold in that level going forward? Or at least going into the March quarter, is that implied in your guidance?  
24937	20080122	2200	38	We don’t forecast ASPs but as you indicated, the iPod ASP did increase sequentially and year over year and that was a result of a very successful introduction of the iPod Touch. And we just updated the iPod Touch now to include five great mobile applications and the ability to watch movies from the iTunes store and we think that our customers are really loving the product.   
24937	20080122	2200	39	Thanks, guys.   
24937	20080122	2200	40	Thanks, Bill. Could we have the next question, please?  
24937	20080122	2200	41	Next we’ll hear from  Richard Gardner with Citigroup.  
24937	20080122	2200	42	Thanks very much. I have two questions. First of all, could you comment at all on the linearity of iPod sales throughout the quarter relative to normal seasonality? And the reason I ask the question is that NPD data suggests a weakening in sell-through for iPod during the month of December this year. I’m just wondering if that contributed to any sort of rise in iPod inventories within that four to six week range that you talked about during the quarter, and then a follow-up.   
24937	20080122	2200	43	When you look at the demand curve across the quarter, on a worldwide basis the curve was very similar to the curve that we saw last year. In the U.S., what you are referencing on the NPD data is that in the gift-buying season, back-loaded in that November and December, we saw a slightly different curve than we did last year but that was made up for in our very, very good growth internationally.   
24937	20080122	2200	44	Tim or Peter, are you at all concerned that that might be indicative of where the U.S. economy is heading and where consumer demand is heading? And have you factored that into your guidance for the March quarter?  
24937	20080122	2200	45	We give you guidance that we have reasonable confidence in achieving, so no change.   In terms of the economy, we’ll leave the economic forecasting to others and we are focused on managing our business. The business performed very well in the December quarter, with revenue in the United States growing 27% year over year. This growth rate was actually faster than last year’s December quarter, which grew at 21% in the U.S. and for fiscal ’07 in the U.S., it grew at 23%.   In the December quarter, our U.S. Mac sales were 43% year over year and as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the traffic in the retail stores was amazing. Most of the stores are in the U.S. and our traffic grew by over 10 million customers year over year. As we look outside the U.S., we were thrilled with the business, which grew 46% year over year in the December quarter.   So we remain very confident in our strategy and our business and we are going to continue to invest to innovate in hardware and software products that delight customers and continue to improve the buying experience, both in our stores and in the channel.   
24937	20080122	2200	46	Thank you, Peter, and then one final question on share buy-back; you now have $18.5 billion in cash on the balance sheet, no debt, and you are going to generate probably a minimum of $1 billion in free cash flow per quarter this year, and arguably the predictability of your earnings will rise over time as iPhone produces more of an annuity like profit stream for you. Could you talk about how this factors into the Board’s potential decisions regarding uses of cash and share buy-back?  
24937	20080122	2200	47	Sure. Well, Rich, as you said, the cash generation of the business on the December quarter was very, very strong. We -- cash went up by over $3 billion, of which $2.76 billion came from operations and we are I think managing the business very, very well.   Stock buy-back programs and other forms of returning the cash are discussed with the Board from time to time but our preference continues to be to maintain a strong balance sheet in order to preserve our flexibility to make strategic investments and/or acquisitions.   
24937	20080122	2200	48	Thanks, Rich. Could we have the next question, please?  
24937	20080122	2200	49	Next question will come from Ben Reitzes, UBS.  
24937	20080122	2200	50	Good afternoon. Thank you. Peter, I want to ask the guidance question another way. Last year on the same conference call a year ago, you guided down about 52% or so sequentially and then came in at $0.87, down only 24% sequentially in terms of EPS. This year you guide down actually better rate at down 47%, so the guidance in my opinion on the EPS, it’s kind of hard to get a feel for how you really feel. I mean, do you feel pretty much like the same as last year, that the good things are ahead of you and the product pipeline is as exciting as last year? Is there anything else qualitatively besides your earnings guidance that could give us a feeling for how you feel going forward? Products maybe, anything.   
24937	20080122	2200	51	Sure. I’ll tell you -- I am very confident in our business, our strategy, and our products. We have just fantastic products that are available to customers today. We are very confident about what’s in the product line. We are innovating. We are delighting customers. We are gaining share and I just couldn’t be more proud of the Apple team and confident in what we are doing. And as regards to the guidance, we gave you guidance that we have reasonable confidence in achieving and our focus is on managing the business.   
24937	20080122	2200	52	Okay, just moving on, the MacBook Air, kind of a new thing -- do you think that will be incremental in terms of your Mac units, or do you think it will cannibalize part of the pro and MacBook lines? How should we look at that product in terms of additive or not to your line going forward?  
24937	20080122	2200	53	You know, Ben, we’ve just announced it, as you know, last week. The customer reaction has been great. The orders are very strong for it but it’s too early to tell before we are shipping the item of the cannibalization factor on the other notebooks.   
24937	20080122	2200	54	Okay, and then what in your guidance are you thinking about for iPods? Maybe you don’t want to go by product line, but it sounded like you said other factors in the quarter contributed to the flat growth in the U.S. I’m wondering if you could triangulate what the other factors were to maybe what’s in your guidance for iPods going forward and what’s in your guidance for cannibalization of the iPhone to the iPod? That’s my final question.   
24937	20080122	2200	55	Ben, for iPods in terms of assessing seasonality, we’ve learned in the last years that really what drives the MP3 market to different levels are innovative product launches and the seasonal holiday buying in the December quarter, so we would expect to see a sequential decline in iPod sales from the December to March quarters but look, we’re shipping the best iPods that we’ve ever made. We’ve launched the iPod Touch and we think it’s been a great success.   
24937	20080122	2200	56	And those special things that other factors that impacted the iPod in the U.S., do you want to elaborate on what those were and whether they can continue?  
24937	20080122	2200	57	I’m not clearly on what you are asking.   
24937	20080122	2200	58	Tim mentioned that there was -- iPods were flat in the U.S. and that was perhaps due to the iPhone, but you don’t know. There may be other factors. I was wondering if there were any of the other factors you wanted to elaborate on -- maybe there were shortages, maybe there was demand issue. I was just wondering what that was.   
24937	20080122	2200	59	Let me back up for a moment and talk about the iPod results in December and how we look at that internally. We set out to achieve three things in the December quarter with the iPod business. The first was we wanted to hold our already high share that we enjoy in the United States. We wanted to continue to grow share internationally and as we’ve already said on the call, we are very pleased to report that we did both of those. In fact, some of the share gains are stunning when you look at the share gains in the U.K., France, Spain, Australia, and several other countries in Asia.   The second thing we wanted to do was to sell at least the number of iPod units that were comprehended in our guidance and we are pleased to report that the sales of over 22 million iPods not only set a company record but were also consistent with what we had contemplated in our guidance.   And the third thing, and most importantly by far from our point of view, as Peter talked about earlier we wanted to establish an entirely new type of iPod, the iPod Touch. The iPod Touch has the potential grow the iPod from being just a music and video player into being the very first mainstream WiFi mobile platform running all kinds of mobile applications, and we overwhelmingly met this goal. Introducing the Touch at the high end of the line may have traded off a bit of unit volume but it was the right decision to achieve the strategic goal of establishing a platform.   It’s interesting to note that in achieving all three of these, we grew iPod revenue 17% year over year and this growth rate is the highest growth rate that we’ve seen in revenue in iPod for a year.   
24937	20080122	2200	60	Thanks a lot.   
24937	20080122	2200	61	So that’s kind of how we --   
24937	20080122	2200	62	I got you. The Touch sacrificed a little unit growth but you are happy overall with your execution.   
24937	20080122	2200	63	We’re thrilled with it.   
24937	20080122	2200	64	Okay. Thank you very much.   
24937	20080122	2200	65	Thanks, Ben. Could we have the next question, please?  
24937	20080122	2200	66	The next question will come from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.   
24937	20080122	2200	67	Good afternoon. Could we first get an update on Mac channels, Best Buy, what you are thinking in terms of distribution?  
24937	20080122	2200	68	We ended the quarter with about 286 stores in Best Buy. We are thrilled with the results that we’ve seen. It’s added to the Mac momentum. We have elected to expand that further and have jointly agreed with Best Buy that we’ll expand from the 286 to 600 over the next six months, so we’re very, very happy with how that relationship is coming out.   
24937	20080122	2200	69	Okay, and I don’t know, Tim or Peter, could you give us an idea on your goals for iTunes rentals? How should we think about the success of that business and is it more a way to drive incremental Apple TV sales or are you looking at it more from a profitability standpoint for that specific unit?  
24937	20080122	2200	70	We just introduced it. We think customers are really going to love it but we’ll have to see. Our objective with the iTunes store is to run it just a little above break even and we think that it helps us to sell iPods and Macs and that is really our strategy.   
24937	20080122	2200	71	Okay, and then sort of shifting over to MacBook Air, I don’t know, Tim, if you could give anymore ideas as to how we should think about this fitting from a longer term standpoint into your product roadmap -- how do you think about the ultra mobile market? Is this more of a niche product? Should we think technology trickles down over time? Just anymore clarity you can give us, because obviously it could be fairly instrumental in terms of driving revenue.   
24937	20080122	2200	72	We create products that we hope will appeal to all types of people and we think that the MacBook Air will appeal to travelers, to professors, to all different kinds of people who want to access the computer very quickly wherever they are. We think it’s very leading edge, it’s a superior combination of size, weight and performance and form factor, while being very, very competitively priced if you look at what other people are charging for these, and so we think it’s a great segment for us and a great new product.   
24937	20080122	2200	73	Okay, well hopefully -- we ordered a couple so hopefully it will come soon.   
24937	20080122	2200	74	The orders are very strong and so I hope you have a good place in the queue.   
24937	20080122	2200	75	I ordered it quickly. So one last question for Peter just to confirm, because I think it’s pretty obvious but I want to make sure -- the 190 you talk about in OI&E, which is down sequentially even though cash is up, is that just reflecting rate reduction?  
24937	20080122	2200	76	Yes.   
24937	20080122	2200	77	Okay, great. Thank you.   
24937	20080122	2200	78	Thanks, Shannon. Could we have the next question, please?  
24937	20080122	2200	79	The next question comes from Keith Bachman with Bank of Montreal.  
24937	20080122	2200	80	Thanks. I have two, if I could; Peter, is there any help you can give us on Leopard in the March quarter in terms of expectations and perhaps a way to frame it as how did Tiger do on the first quarter run-off, and give us some comparison for how Leopard framed up in December compared to Tiger? That’s my first question. Thank you.   
24937	20080122	2200	81	Sure. As I indicated in my prepared remarks, Leopard is off to a great start. Customer and reviewer response has just been off the chart and about 19% as of the end of the quarter of the Mac OS 10 installed base is already enjoying Leopard.   Our sales going back to Tiger in its first quarter were $100 million, or about $100 million and in its second quarter were about $35 million. And as I indicated in the prepared remarks, Leopard sales in its first quarter were 170.   
24937	20080122	2200	82	Right, so I got that part, Peter, but would you expect a similar trajectory over the course of the March quarter? And also, the 19%, where do you think that goes?  
24937	20080122	2200	83	Well, we’ll have to see. We are again, as I said, we’re very excited about Leopard. Customer response has been strong. Sales will be down sequentially in the March quarter and I don’t know if it’s going to follow the same trend that Tiger did. Your sales in the first quarter for consumer software titles are always the best but Tiger is doing incredibly well and the installed base is bigger today than what it was when we first shipped Tiger.   
24937	20080122	2200	84	Okay, and then let me ask one --   
24937	20080122	2200	85	One other thing, if I can -- of course we are talking about largely finished goods sales in the box, but of course we’re shipping Leopard on every Mac and I think that’s contributing to the great Mac sales that we’re enjoying.   
24937	20080122	2200	86	Okay, fair enough. Tim, Japan had a little bit of a bounce back, actually a nice bounce back. Was that easy compares or was leading the charge in Japan?  
24937	20080122	2200	87	You know, I am personally extremely happy with what happened in Japan last quarter. As you know, we have struggled there for several quarters and one data point doesn’t make a trend but what happened was that the reception to iMac has been tremendous, our desktop chair moved from 6% to 10% year over year. Also, the reaction to iPod Touch was overwhelming, which really helped the iPod business have a much stronger revenue growth rate year over year, and so those two things together really drove Japan’s performance.   
24937	20080122	2200	88	Fair enough. All right, I will cede the floor. Thank you.   
24937	20080122	2200	89	Thank you, Keith. Could we have the next question, please?  
24937	20080122	2200	90	That comes from Charles Wolf with Needham & Company.  
24937	20080122	2200	91	Thanks for taking the call. I had a couple of questions. One is on the revenue sharing arrangement that Apple has with the carriers. I noticed that Orange in France is selling the iPhone for EUR399 with a two-year subscription, but it’s selling it for EUR749 unlocked. My question is does Apple share in the incremental revenues that Orange gets on an unlocked phone?  
24937	20080122	2200	92	Charlie, I’m sorry, we’re not discussing the terms of our agreements with the carriers so I can’t specifically answer that.   
24937	20080122	2200	93	Okay, the second question is what was the -- I think you can answer this one, the division between direct and indirect sales worldwide?  
24937	20080122	2200	94	Sure. Direct sales in the quarter for Q1 was 46% and that compared to 44% in the year-ago quarter.   
24937	20080122	2200	95	Okay. Thanks a lot.   
24937	20080122	2200	96	Thank you, Charlie. Could we have the next question, please?  
24937	20080122	2200	97	Gene Munster with Piper Jaffray.   
24937	20080122	2200	98	Good afternoon. Peter, I realize you’re not an economist, you mentioned earlier in the call, but I think there’s a lot of conversations going around about the overall health of the consumer, specifically the high-end consumer. And when you hear these conversations, how should investors put into perspective that theme relative to Apple's business in 2008?  
24937	20080122	2200	99	Well, as I said before, we’ll leave the economic forecasting to others and we are just focusing on managing our business. You know, if the December quarter was any indication, we did incredibly well. Revenue growth here in the United States was 27%. Outside the United States, we were up 46%. The retail stores just had a record quarter. Traffic was up more than 10 million people year over year in the December quarter, if that’s any indication.   So we think that we are managing our business very well. We are very confident in our strategy and our products and we’ll just going to keep coming out with new, innovative hardware and software products that delight our customers and we want to keep growing the company.   
24937	20080122	2200	100	And in terms of the iPhone rollout internationally, do you want to just remind me what the -- is it Asia end of this year or some time in 2008 or what had we set on that?  
24937	20080122	2200	101	We still plan to enter Asia in 2008 and we also plan to roll out additional European countries during 2008.  
24937	20080122	2200	102	Okay. Would Asia -- obviously Japan would be Asia. There’s been a lot of talk about China -- anything specific relative to the China market?  
24937	20080122	2200	103	Nothing specific to announce today.   
24937	20080122	2200	104	Okay, and then lastly, Apple TV, you guys have referred to that as kind of a hobby in the past. What was it going to take for that to become more of an actual business that can move the needle?  
24937	20080122	2200	105	You know, as Steve covered at MacWorld, many companies have tried in this space and missed. We are back with Apple TV take two with movie rentals directly from iTunes and we think we have it right this time, so we’ll see.   
24937	20080122	2200	106	So basically don’t think of it as a big impact in 2008 but maybe beyond, or --   
24937	20080122	2200	107	You know, I’m not projecting volumes on it but I think we have a great product.   
24937	20080122	2200	108	Great. Thank you.   
24937	20080122	2200	109	Thank you, Gene. Could we have the next question, please?  
24937	20080122	2200	110	Andrew Neff with Bear Stearns.  
24937	20080122	2200	111	I wanted to clarify something -- when you talked about the U.S. iPods being flat, you’re talking year over year? I just want to clarify that in the question.   
24937	20080122	2200	112	Unit sales year over year were flat in the U.S., yes.   
24937	20080122	2200	113	And then I just want to again tie into the response to the last question, just in terms of as -- you know, with all this traffic coming in, can you give a sense about what you were seeing in terms of consumer behavior in terms of proclivity to spend, issues like that, that give you a sense about what the consumer is doing, what they are thinking?  
24937	20080122	2200	114	In the December quarter, Andy, the retail stores just had a quarter for the record books. Our Mac sales were 504,000 in the stores. That was up 64% year over year and over half the Macs we were selling, we sold were to people that had never owned a Mac before, so that trend makes us feel very good.   
24937	20080122	2200	115	And lastly, could you give us a sense about store opening plans for this year, what you see in domestic and international split?  
24937	20080122	2200	116	We expect to open about 35 to 40 stores in fiscal 2008. Today, about 25 of our 204 stores are outside the United States and we’ll open more stores internationally in 2008 than we did in 2007, including our first stores in China.   
24937	20080122	2200	117	Thank you.   
24937	20080122	2200	118	Thank you, Andy. Could we have the next question, please?  
24937	20080122	2200	119	And that comes from Toni Sacconaghi with Sanford Bernstein.  
24937	20080122	2200	120	Thank you and good afternoon. I have a couple of questions, please. Firstly, I wanted to explore more your comments on the different curve that you saw in demand in the U.S. in the last month of the quarter. Was that a statement that was only applicable to iPods or did the linearity curve in the U.S. regarding the Mac business look any different than it did last year?  
24937	20080122	2200	121	Mac was very strong throughout the quarter. The statement that I made was about iPod and it wasn’t a statement that it wasn’t strong -- it was a statement that when you got into the gift-buying season, the shape of the curve was somewhat different at the U.S. level, but at the worldwide level it was very, very similar to the previous year.   
24937	20080122	2200	122	And then, can you offer your perspective on what you saw outside your stores? Quick math would say your stores are growing at 50%. The U.S. business grew at 22%. Some rough math might suggest that non-Apple channels only grew in the single digits in the U.S. Can you comment on that? And again, maybe you can -- the Macs are a unique destination, I think, but if we look more broadly in your retail channel, can you comment on what you were seeing in those channels relative to other quarters and also the linearity over the course of the quarter?  
24937	20080122	2200	123	Toni, I think there may be some confusion in the numbers. Let me go through these quickly -- Americas with retail grew 29%.   
24937	20080122	2200	124	How about U.S.?  
24937	20080122	2200	125	But when you strip out retail from that totally, and I’m talking about our retail stores, Americas grew at 22%.   
24937	20080122	2200	126	What did the U.S. grow?  
24937	20080122	2200	127	The U.S. grew at 27% year over year.   
24937	20080122	2200	128	Okay, and if you strip out retail, what did the U.S. grow at?  
24937	20080122	2200	129	I don’t have that number with me and it’s not a number that we’d report. But you can look at the Americas number and the U.S. is obviously the overwhelming majority of the Americas number.   
24937	20080122	2200	130	Well, the observation is that if the U.S. grew at 27%, your stores grew at 50%, and the stores are 30% or 40% of your business in the U.S., then in order to true-up to the 27, you are coming up with a growth rate that is substantially below 27, probably about 10, doing the math in my head real time for the other channels. So I’m just trying to understand what you saw in those other channels and if there was anything that you observed around linearity in the quarter.   
24937	20080122	2200	131	You can see from the data sheet that the Macs grew in the Americas channel at 35% year over year, Macs grew in the retail channel at 64% year over year. And so that was obviously a part of it.   
24937	20080122	2200	132	Okay, can you comment on the number of unlocked phones that you believe were sold in the quarter? You had mentioned that on your last call.   
24937	20080122	2200	133	We believe that the number of phones bought with the intention of unlocking was significant in the quarter but we are unsure how to reliably estimate the number. In the December quarter particularly, we saw sales increase across the quarter similar to what you would expect with the holiday gift-buying pattern.   But as we’re new in the business, we’re unsure when all the recipients will activate. Some people wait until their existing contracts expire, some may initially use the non-phone features only, others activate in the future, and so at this point we don’t have a precise estimate for you.   We see this phenomenon as being an expression of very strong interest in iPhone globally and in that way, it’s a good problem to have.   
24937	20080122	2200	134	Can you comment qualitatively -- you’ve given the number last quarter -- qualitatively, do you believe the percentage would actually be higher or lower this quarter, or is it too early to tell based on your experience?  
24937	20080122	2200	135	It’s too early to tell. I would just say I think it is significant.   
24937	20080122	2200	136	Okay, and then final question; I think you had mentioned initially at the end of the first quarter of iPhone sales that you didn’t want to talk about iPhone channel inventory, that it was still a relatively small and insignificant product. Given that it has over $1 billion in deferred revenue, why are you choosing not to disclose that number?  
24937	20080122	2200	137	Toni, that’s not the reason we gave. We said that since we only have one channel partner in each of our first four countries, we’re not going to report the inventory but we are going to employ our proven systems and processes to manage the iPhone differently, or effectively.  
24937	20080122	2200	138	Thank you.   
24937	20080122	2200	139	Thanks, Toni. Could we have the next question, please?  
24937	20080122	2200	140	It will come from Mike Abramsky with RBC Capital Markets.  
24937	20080122	2200	141	Yes, thanks very much. Could you help reconcile the 2.3 million iPhones shipped in December versus over the 4 million announced at MacWorld?  
24937	20080122	2200	142	Sure. As Steve indicated at MacWorld, the 4 million iPhones were to date as of the keynote and the 3.7 million iPhones that we had sold cumulatively through the December quarter were part of that.   
24937	20080122	2200	143	So would you say that suggests a fairly significant increase in run-rate since December?  
24937	20080122	2200	144	I’ll leave the analysis to you but we’re very happy with iPhone momentum. Our customers are raving about their iPhones and we remain confident in our goal for 10 million for calendar 2008.   
24937	20080122	2200	145	Could you give us any, either quantitative or qualitative, commentary on how European iPhone uptake is faring versus your U.S. experience?  
24937	20080122	2200	146	You know, we just launched in France at the end of November. We launched in the U.K. and Germany in November and earlier November, and so we had very limited experience but we are very happy with all of the launches so far.   
24937	20080122	2200	147	Is 3G and Bluetooth important to that 10 million iPhone outlook, as well as to your plans for the European market?  
24937	20080122	2200	148	We don’t talk about new products but we are very confident in meeting the 10 million for the year of 2008.   
24937	20080122	2200	149	Based on the roadmap that you have?  
24937	20080122	2200	150	We’ve very confident in meeting the 10 million for 2008.   
24937	20080122	2200	151	Okay, do you have any plans to talk about next regions or countries at all?  
24937	20080122	2200	152	We have nothing to announce today.   
24937	20080122	2200	153	Okay. Thank you very much.   
24937	20080122	2200	154	Thanks, Mike. Could we have the next question, please?  
24937	20080122	2200	155	It comes from Tavis McCourt with Morgan Keegan.   
24937	20080122	2200	156	Thanks for taking my question. The last couple of quarters, you guys have mentioned in relation to the guidance for gross margin, the expectation of component costs creeping back up. You didn’t mention that this quarter. Should we take that to believe your guidance presumes a roughly flat component cost environment?  
24937	20080122	2200	157	For the current quarter, our expectation is on DRAM and NAND Flash memories, we believe both of these markets will remain in an oversupply condition. We see LCD, hard drives, and optical markets being close to a supply/demand balance, which should result in some improvement in costs from last quarter. And for most of the other components, we see the seasonally slower March quarter resulting in historic level price declines.   
24937	20080122	2200	158	And then in terms of the iPhone seasonality, historically the wireless phone business is somewhat seasonal in Q1 coming off a typically strong Q4. Should we be building in an expectation of sequentially down shipments or is that something you just don’t want to get into at this point?   
24937	20080122	2200	159	As you know, we’ve recently begun to sell iPhones and we don’t have any experience yet with the March quarter handset seasonality so I can’t comment on it.   
24937	20080122	2200	160	Okay, thanks a lot.   
24937	20080122	2200	161	Thanks, Tavis. Could we have the next question, please?  
24937	20080122	2200	162	Shaw Wu with American Technology.  
24937	20080122	2200	163	Thanks. I just had a question, a little more color on your Mac business. I think, Tim, you kind of answered it a little bit but I noticed that our desktop business was a bit stronger than your portable business, at least on a sequential basis and even on a year-over-year basis. Any color there in terms of why that happened?  
24937	20080122	2200	164	Shaw, the iMac announcement in August was extremely well-received and the iMac had enormous momentum. In fact, if you look at desktops, the iMac grew faster than notes but the total of our desktops grew at 53% and that compares to an IDC projected growth rate of the desktop market of only 10%, so over five times the market rate of growth.   
24937	20080122	2200	165	Okay, and then Peter, I am going to try to take another stab at this iPhone seasonality question. Your guidance implies obviously seasonality for the whole company and you commented on the iPod. I understand it’s a little early but just a little help in terms of what should we think of iPhone seasonality at this point? Or is it just too early?   
24937	20080122	2200	166	Shaw, this is not something that I can comment for you on this quarter. We have not yet been through a March quarter with iPhone so we don’t have any history go by as we do with Mac and iPod, so we’ll report to you in April what we did for the March quarter.   
24937	20080122	2200	167	Okay. Thank you.   
24937	20080122	2200	168	Thank you, Shaw. Could we have the next question, please?  
24937	20080122	2200	169	And that will come from Chris Whitmore with Deutsche Bank.  
24937	20080122	2200	170	Thanks. I wanted to ask about Mac distribution points in the quarter. How many retail outlets or distribution points was the Mac available during the quarter and do you have any targets for year-end?  
24937	20080122	2200	171	We have moved the number of storefronts carrying Mac now up to 9,500 and that compares to 7,700 a year ago. We have done that because of the momentum that we see in the Macintosh business.   
24937	20080122	2200	172	Do you have a target?  
24937	20080122	2200	173	The only target I am talking about right now is we plan on doubling the number of Best Buy stores, as I talked about earlier in the conference call.   
24937	20080122	2200	174	How about for iPhone distribution points? How many retail outlets are available within existing countries where the phone is available? And then do you have a target for iPhone distribution points -- and I’m thinking here specifically around the consumer electronics channel or an expansion of the Best Buy relationship? Thanks.   
24937	20080122	2200	175	We have about 2,500 storefronts in Europe that carry iPhone between the U.K., France, and Germany, and we have around 2,000, 2,100 or so in the United States between our stores and the AT&T stores.   In terms of expansion, I don’t have anything to announce today in terms of an expansion.   
24937	20080122	2200	176	Thank you, Chris. Could we have the next question, please?  
24937	20080122	2200	177	And that comes from Andy Hargreaves with Pacific Crest Securities.  
24937	20080122	2200	178	I’m just wondering on Apple TV if you have any plans to do any new in-store displays or any other marketing to show what the product does, especially at third-party retailers?  
24937	20080122	2200	179	This is something that we are looking at but have nothing specific to talk about today.   
24937	20080122	2200	180	Okay, and then also just wondering if there’s anything you guys are doing actively to try to promote more corporate use outside of the traditional customers in either your reseller channel or in education that you are doing, training, that kind of thing?  
24937	20080122	2200	181	The education market had a record Q1 for us. We grew about five times the IDC’s forecasted market rate of growth of 6%, and this was led by both K-12 and higher ed, and so we were doing excellent in this business.   There are many, many examples of small business using Mac and larger businesses continue to be interested in the Macintosh as well.   
24937	20080122	2200	182	Thanks very much, Andy and thanks to everyone. A replay of today’s call will be available for two weeks as a podcast on the iTunes store, a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone. And the numbers for the telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820, and the confirmation code for the telephone replays is 4273792. And these replays will be available beginning at approximately 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time today.   Members of the press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414 and financial analysts can contact Joan Hoover or me with additional questions. Joan is at 408-974-4570 and I am at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us.   
24937	20080122	2200	183	Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today’s presentation. We do thank everyone for your participation and have a wonderful day.    
139677	20080122	1330	1	Good morning and welcome. I am Louise Mehrotra, Vice President of Investor   Relations for Johnson & Johnson and it is my pleasure this morning to review our business results for the fourth quarter of 2007.   Joining me on the podium today are our hosts for today’s meeting: Bill Weldon, Chairman of the Board of Director and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson & Johnson; and Dominic Caruso, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer.   A few logistics before we get into the details: the audio and visuals from this presentation are being made available to a broader audience via a webcast accessible through the investor relations section of the Johnson & Johnson website.   I’ll begin by briefly reviewing highlights for the fourth quarter and full year for the corporate and our three business segments. Following my remarks, Bill Weldon will comment on the 2007 results and provide a strategic outlook for 2008. At the completion of Bill’s remarks, Dominic Caruso will provide some additional commentary on the 2007 financial results and guidance for 2008. We will then open the floor to your questions. We will conclude our formal presentation at approximately 9:30 and following some Q&A and final remarks by Bill, will conclude the meeting around 10:00 a.m.   Distributed with the copy of the press release that you just received is a schedule with actual revenues from major products and/or business franchises. For the listening audience, these are available on the Johnson & Johnson website as is a copy of the press release.   Before I get into the results, let me remind you that some of the statements made during this meeting may be considered forward-looking statements. The 10-K for the fiscal year 2006 identifies certain factors that could cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements made this morning. The company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events or developments. The 10-K is available through the company or online.   Last item, during the call, non-GAAP financial measures may be used to provide information pertinent to ongoing business performance. These measures are reconciled to the GAAP measures and are available on the Johnson & Johnson website.   Now I would like to review our results for the fourth quarter of 2007. If you would refer to your copy of the press release, let’s begin with the schedule titled supplementary sales data by segment of business.   Worldwide sales to customers were a record $16 billion for the fourth quarter of 2007, up 16.6% as compared to the fourth quarter of 2006. Our operational growth was 11.9% and currency had a positive impact of 4.7 points. The sales results include the net impact of the acquisition of Pfizer Consumer Healthcare or PCH, which was completed in December 2006.   On a pro forma basis, including the net impact of the PCH acquisition in both periods, worldwide sales increased approximately 4.6% operationally.   If you turn to the schedule showing sales by geographic area, you will see that we achieved growth of 9.1% in the U.S. In regions outside the U.S., our operational growth was 15.3% while the effect of currency exchange rates positively impacted our reported results by 10.5 points.   The Western Hemisphere excluding the U.S. grew 26.1% on an operational basis, Europe grew 13.2%, while the Asia-Pacific Africa region grew by 13.6%. The results in all regions have been positively impacted by the acquisition of PCH.   If you will now turn to the consolidated statement of earnings, net earnings on a reported basis were $2.4 billion while earnings per share were $0.82. This compares to $2.2 billion and $0.74 in the same period in 2006.   Please direct your attention to the boxed section of the schedule where we have provided adjusted earnings information. As referenced in the footnote, the fourth quarter 2007 results were adjusted to exclude a one-time, after-tax, non-cash charge of $441 million for the write-down of the intangible asset related to Natrecor and a one-time gain of $267 million associated with the restructuring of certain international subsidiaries.   The fourth quarter 2006 results were adjusted to exclude the after-tax impact of an in-process research and development charge of $217 million associated with the acquisition of Pfizer consumer healthcare. On an adjusted basis, fourth quarter 2007 net earnings of $2.5 billion and earnings per share of $0.88 were up 6.8% and 8.6% respectively.   I would now like to make some additional comments relative to the components leading to the adjusted earnings before we move on to the segment highlights. For the fourth quarter of 2007, cost of goods sold at 29.7% was up 40 basis points as compared to the same period in 2006. The fourth quarter results included the addition of the PCH business to our mix of businesses, increasing cost of goods sold as a percent of sales by an estimated 80 basis points. This increase was partially offset by cost containment initiatives in our MD&D businesses.   Selling, marketing, and administrative expenses at 35.8% of sales were up 150 basis points as compared to 2006. The addition of the PCH business to our mix of businesses increased these expenses by an estimated 100 basis points. Operating costs associated with the restructuring also contributed to the increase in these expenses.   Our investment in research and development as a percent to sales was 14.6%, 40 basis points less than the fourth quarter of 2006. The addition of PCH to our mix of businesses reduced R&D as a percent of sales by approximately 60 basis points, partially offset by increases in our pharmaceutical R&D investment.   Interest income net of interest expense of $35 million was down $160 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2006 due to a lower average cash balance and a higher average debt position.   Other expense net of other income was $877 million in the fourth quarter of 2007 compared to $100 million of net other expense in the same period last year. The before tax charge of $678 million associated with the previously announced write-down of the intangible assets related to Natrecor and charges related to the renegotiation of certain contracts have been included in this category.   With regard to taxes, please direct your attention to the effective tax rate excluding special charges shown in the box section of the schedule. In the fourth quarter of 2007, taxes were 15.3% as compared to the prior year rate of 21.2%. Dominic will provide further comments on both taxes and other income and expense during his remarks.   Looking at year-to-date data, consolidated sales to customers for the 12 months of 2007 were $61.1 billion, an increase of 14.6% as compared to the same period a year ago. On a year-to-date basis, operational growth was 11.5% and currency had a positive impact of 3.1 points.   On the consolidated statement of year-to-date earnings, I would first like to draw your attention to the box section. In 2007, the after-tax impact of charges for in-process research and development, the costs associated with the restructuring program, the non-cash charge related to the Natrecor write-down, and the one-time gain associated with the restructuring of certain international subsidiaries have been excluded. In 2006, after-tax amounts for both in-process research and development and the Guidant acquisition termination fee have been excluded.   With these adjustments, net earnings for the 12 months of 2007 were $12.1 billion, or $4.15 per share, up 8.6% and 10.4% respectively as compared to the same period in 2006.   Now turning to business segment highlights, please refer to the schedule showing reported sales versus the prior period by product or franchise.   I’ll begin with the consumer segment. Worldwide consumer segment sales of $3.8 billion increased 48.5% as compared to the fourth quarter of 2006. Operational growth was 42.5% while currency contributed 6%. U.S. sales were up 37.6% while international sales grew 46.8% on an operational basis. On a pro forma basis, including the net impact of the acquisition of Pfizer Consumer Healthcare in both periods, sales were up an estimated 4% on an operational basis.   For the fourth quarter of 2007, sales for the over-the-counter pharmaceuticals and nutritionals increased 83% on an operational basis compared to the same period in 2006. Sales in the U.S. were up 37% while sales outside the U.S. were up 191% operationally.   On a pro forma basis, including the net impact of the PCH acquisition in both periods, estimated operational sales growth was approximately 6%. Rogaine and Visine both achieved strong double-digit growth while analgesics and Splenda made solid contributions to the quarter.   Partially offsetting the growth in the quarter was the voluntary withdrawal of certain infant cough and cold products from the market.   Our skincare business achieved operational sales growth of 9% in the fourth quarter of 2007, driven by the strong U.S. sales growth of 15%. Sales outside the U.S. grew 5% on an operational basis. Results were driven by the addition of the PCH products, the double-digit growth of Johnson’s Adult, Clean and Clear, and [VanDone] product lines complemented by the solid performance of Nutrogena. On a pro forma basis, including the net impact of the PCH acquisition in both periods, operational sales growth was approximately 4%.   Baby and kid’s care products achieved operational growth of 8% when compared to the fourth quarter of 2006, driven by the addition of the PCH products and the strong performance of Wipes, hair care, and babycenter.com. Sales growth in the U.S. was 14% while sales outside the U.S. grew 7% on an operational basis. On a pro forma basis, including the net impact of the PCH acquisition in both periods, operational sales growth was approximately 7%.   Women’s health had an operational increase of 2% with the U.S. up 6% and sales outside the U.S. flat on an operational basis. On a pro forma basis, including the net impact of the PCH acquisition in both periods, sales declined on an operational basis by approximately 2% due to increased competitive pressure.   On a pro forma basis, including the net impact of the PCH acquisition in both periods, operational sales growth for the oral care business was flat. Double-digit growth for Listerine mouthwash was offset by sales declines of Rembrandt products and Reach toothbrushes.   That completes our review of the consumer segment and I’ll now review highlights for the pharmaceuticals segment.   Worldwide net sales for the fourth quarter of $6.4 billion were up 7.5% compared to the same period last year. Operational growth was 3.7% while currency contributed 3.8%. Reported sales in the U.S. increased 2% while sales outside the U.S. increased on an operational basis by 6.8%.   Our results continued to be impacted by generic competition on some of our products, namely Duragesic, Ditropan, Sporanox and Risperdal Oral in certain countries outside the U.S. The combined effect of this generic competition has reduced the fourth quarter worldwide pharmaceutical operational growth rate by approximately 1.5 percentage points with similar impact both in and outside the U.S.   Additionally, we saw a retraction in the U.S. market for ESAs following the ODAC discussions, the label changes, and changes to reimbursements. The resulting decline in Procrit sales impacted the worldwide pharmaceutical operational sales growth by approximately four points. Excluding both the impact of generics and decline in Procrit sales, the underlying operational growth for the pharmaceutical products was approximately 9%.   Procrit/Eprex had a combined operational decline of 25% with Procrit down 33% and Eprex down 12% on an operational basis. New competition and label reviews have contributed to the lower sales results for Eprex. Procrit results have been impacted by a decline in the market versus the fourth quarter of 2006, estimated at approximately 35%, partially offset by an increase in overall market share.   Procrit aggregate share across all markets was approximately 45% in the fourth quarter of 2007, up two points versus the fourth quarter of 2006. Increased share in the hospital and retail markets was partially offset by lower share in oncology clinics due to our competitors anti-competitive contracting strategy.   Sales of Levaquin were down 2% operationally when compared to the same period a year ago due to lower sales of Levaquin IV due to increased competitive pressure.   Sales of hormonal contraceptives were down 15% operationally when compared to the same period a year ago due to lower sales of both Ortho Evra and the oral contraceptives.   Let me now move on to discuss some of our growth drivers. Our anti-psychotic franchise, which includes Risperdal Oral, Risperdal Consta, and Invega had operational growth of 11% when compared to the same period a year ago. The U.S. sales increased 15% while sales outside the U.S. were up 5%.   Sales results outside the U.S. were impacted by generic competition for Risperdal Oral in certain markets. The global success of Risperdal Consta continued to contribute strongly to the fourth quarter with sales of approximately $295 million up over 20% on an operational basis.   Remicade, a biologic approved for the treatment of a number of immune mediated inflammatory diseases grew by 16% when compared to the fourth quarter of 2006. Sales in the U.S. increased 12%.   Market growth in the anti-TNS category continues to be strong and the competitive dynamics have intensified with the new entrants and the expansion of labels for existing competitors.   International sales were up 31% due primarily to increased sales through our partners outside the U.S. Sales of Topamax, which is approved for the treatment of epilepsy and migraine prophylaxis, increased operationally by 21%. Sales growth in the U.S. was 25%, due primarily to continued success in the migraine category. Sales outside the U.S. grew by 6% on an operational basis with strong growth seen in many markets, partially offset by generic entries in certain other markets.   Aciphex, as it’s known in the U.S., and Pariet outside the U.S. is a proton pump inhibitor that we co-market with Eisai. Overall operational growth was 3%. Sales in the U.S. grew 6% with market growth partially offset by lower market share. Operational sales growth outside the U.S. was flat due to increased competition from generic PPIs in certain regions partially offset by strong growth in other regions.   Concerta for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder grew operationally by 10% in the fourth quarter as compared to the same period last year. Sales in the U.S. were up 6% due to market growth partially offset by lower market share. Sales outside the U.S. grew 27% on an operational basis with very strong growth in all regions.   As a brief update on the pipeline, in the quarter we made significant progress in advancing our near-term pipeline, submitting three new molecular entities for approval -- Paliperidone palmitate for schizophrenia in the U.S.; Ustekinumab for psoriasis in both the U.S. and Europe; and Dapoxetine for premature ejaculation in several countries in Europe.   During the quarter, based on a preliminary review of the Phase IIb data, we have removed NBX102 from our list of potential filings between now and 2010. Final analysis are being undertaken which, when complete, will be used to decide on the next steps with the program. And just last week, we received FDA approval for Intelence, or TMC125, in HIV and we expect to launch in the next few days.   Let me now turn to the medical devices and diagnostic segment. Worldwide medical devices and diagnostic segment sales of $5.8 billion grew 6.2% operationally as compared to the same period in 2006, while currency contributed 5.1 points to bring total reported growth to 11.3%. Sales in the U.S. grew 6.8% while sales outside the U.S. increased on an operational basis by 5.6%.   Sales excluding the impact of lower sales of drug-eluting stents grew nearly 11% operationally with healthy growth seen across the other franchises.   Now turning to the franchises, starting with Cordis. Cordis sales declined operationally by 14% in the fourth quarter due to lower sales of Cypher, our Sirolimus-eluting stent, partially offset by strong growth in both our Biosense Webster business and our neurovascular business. U.S. sales were down 15% and sales outside the U.S. declined 12% on an operational basis.   Worldwide Cypher sales of approximately $415 million decreased 31% operationally. Cypher sales in the U.S. declined 32% to approximately $190 million. A reduction in PCI procedures, a lower penetration rate of drug-eluting stents, and lower prices resulted in an estimated market decline in the U.S. of over 30% versus the fourth quarter of 2006. Estimated share in the U.S. of 45% was up two points sequentially and down one point from the fourth quarter of 2006.   Sales outside the U.S. of approximately $225 million declined 30% operationally. The international market decline versus the fourth quarter of 2006 was estimated at 5% while the estimated market share in the quarter of 39% was up one point on an sequential basis and down from 51% in the fourth quarter of 2006. Increased competition has impacted the share outside the U.S.   Cypher estimated worldwide share for the quarter was 42%, up two points sequentially and down six points from the fourth quarter of 2006.   Now, turning to growth drivers, within the quarter’s franchise, both the Biosense Webster business, our electro-physiology business, and our neurovascular business achieved strong operational growth in the quarter. Biosense Webster grew 25% operationally with similar results both in the U.S. and outside the U.S., while the neurovascular business also achieved strong growth in the quarter due to the relaunch of the TRUFILL DCS ORBIT coil system earlier this year.   Our DePuy franchise achieved operational growth of 9% when compared to the same period in 2006, with the U.S. growing 3% and the business outside the U.S. growing by 19% operationally. Lower sales of trauma products to an international distributor have impacted the growth in the U.S. Both our worldwide hip and sports medicine businesses and our knee business outside the U.S. achieved double-digit operational growth. Based on projected market results, we obtained the number one position in the U.S. hip business in 2007.   Ethicon Endo-Surgery achieved operational growth of 13% in the fourth quarter of 2007 with the U.S. up 14% and sales outside the U.S. growing 11% operationally. The Endo-cutter, a key product in performing bariatric procedures, grew 16% operationally in the quarter and was a major contributor to growth.   Strong double-digit results were achieved in the energy business due to the continued success with the Harmonic Scalpel, up over 20% operationally in the quarter. The advanced sterilization products achieved strong double-digit growth due to a combination of increased equipment installations and an increased demand for consumables due to the expanding installation base.   Ethicon worldwide sales grew operationally by 7% with the U.S. up 14% and sales outside the U.S. up 4% on an operational basis. The results for the U.S. business were driven by the strong performance across all major product lines -- sutures, hemostasis, women’s health, bio-surgicals, and meshes.   Our Vision Care franchise achieved operational sales growth of 16% with the sales in the U.S. up 21% and sales outside the U.S. up 13% operationally. Operational growth for the franchise was driven by the global success of AcuVue Oasis, AcuVue Moist, and AcuVue Advanced for stigmatism. Additionally, outside the U.S., one-day AcuVue Define and AcuVue Advanced made strong contributions to the growth in the quarter.   The Lifescan franchise achieved operational growth of 13% in the fourth quarter of 2007. U.S. sales increased 17%, reflecting the continued success of the Ultra Mini and Ultra Strip, complemented by the growth of the Animas business. The Animas business achieved sales growth of nearly 40% in the quarter due to the launch of the 20-20 pump earlier this year. Sales outside the U.S. increased 9% on an operational basis due to the strong results of the Ultra products.   Lastly, in the medical devices and diagnostic segment, Ortho Clinical Diagnostic sales growing an operational basis 8% in the fourth quarter with the U.S. sales up 16%. Sales outside the U.S. were flat on an operational basis impacted by the softness in clinical lab sales. The results in the U.S. were driven by the rapid up-tick of the [SHAGA] screening assay and strong results achieved with [nanodiagnostics] and clinical chemistry products.   That completes the highlights for the medical devices and diagnostic segments and concludes the segment highlights of Johnson & Johnson’s fourth quarter of 2007. It is now my pleasure to introduce Bill Weldon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson & Johnson.   
139677	20080122	1330	2	Thanks, Louise and thank you all for being here today. 2007 has been a very successful year. It was filled with opportunity, challenge, and change for Johnson & Johnson. It has been a year that demonstrated quite clearly how our broad base of healthcare businesses can absorb short-term pressures and help us build on our track record of growth. It’s been a year in which we grew sales from our existing portfolio and demonstrated significant progress in our pipeline of new drugs, devices, diagnostics, and consumer products, and a year in which we built on our foundation for the future with changes to our cost structure and organizational design.   I would like to begin by reviewing our 2007 business and financial highlights and walk you through our segment results for the year. Then, in the remainder of my presentation I will focus on our strategic outlook for 2008 and beyond and describe for you how we are building on our foundation of growth and what priorities are critical to our continued success.   In 2007, we delivered strong results across our broad base of businesses and exceeded expectations. Our total reported sales increased 14.6% with operational sales up 11.5% and pro forma sales up 4.2%. Adjusted earnings per share increased 10.4%. We made significant progress across our businesses and I am particularly proud that we achieved these results despite having to work through one of the more difficult years in Johnson & Johnson's recent history.   During the year, we saw significant sales declines in two of our major products, Cypher and Procrit, due to major market declines for drug-eluting stents and erythropoietin  stimulating agents. And in our consumer segment, we managed the complex integration of Pfizer Consumer Healthcare, the largest acquisition in our history.   2007 was a year when we took thoughtful, disciplined actions to deliver our commitments and to build an even stronger growth platform for the long term. We initiated major cost structure improvements in parts of the business, began a $10 billion share buy-back, and announced organizational changes to sharpen our focus on growth.   And as we begin 2008, we are moving forward with confidence in our plans, products, pipeline, and people. We are focused on growth and execution.   As you can see hear, our businesses, coupled with strong financial discipline, continued to deliver strong results and solid sales growth, strong earnings growth, and adjusted double-digit EPS growth that was faster than earnings due to our share repurchase program. We also generated a strong free cash flow in excess of $12 billion.   To add some context to these results, I would like to remind you of the expectations we set for this meeting last January. We said we expected operational sales in 2007 to increase 11.5% to 12.5% and we delivered 11.5%. This is a remarkable achievement given the fact that we saw double-digit declines in sales for two of our major products.   In January, we projected adjusted EPS range of $3.88 to $3.93. With our disciplined focus on execution and cost management, we raised our guidance twice during the year and at the end of the year, we produced a 10.4% increase in adjusted EPS to $4.15, significantly exceeding original expectations.   With the addition of PCH this year, the three segments of our portfolio are more balanced. Pharmaceuticals generated approximately $25 billion in revenues, MD&D generated approximately $22 billion, and consumer $14.5 billion, for total sales of just over $61 billion.   With the addition of PCH, our consumer business grew from 18% of our total revenue in 2006 to 24% in 2007 and I’ll get into more details on these segments in a few minutes.   Operating profit for 2007 was $15.9 billion and 26% to sales. That compares to 2006 on a pro forma of $14.6 billion and 25.7% to sales. This demonstrates our continuing ability to leverage operating profit.   We also took several actions to streamline and strengthen our business. We announced plans in July to generate $1.3 billion to $1.6 billion in cost savings for 2008 through a number of initiatives in our pharmaceuticals segment and Cordis business. We are executing against those plans and on track to achieve those savings this year.   These actions were designed to address near-term market conditions and upcoming patent expirations, while making permanent improvements to our overall cost structure. We continued investments in our R&D pipeline and in-line product expansions which are critical to our continued growth.   Finally, we reorganized to better attain growth in the spaces where our businesses intersect and also to explore new spaces in healthcare where we do not compete today. We established the office of strategy and growth that is being led by Nick Valeriani, who spoke with you in October. We also established two new business operating groups within our MD&D segment -- a surgical care group that will focus on technologies and solutions to enhance patient care in a surgical setting; and a comprehensive care group that will create portfolios to address the world’s most chronic and pervasive conditions. Sherry McCoy and Don Casey are respectively leading these groups, and I’ll speak in greater detail about the charters of these organizations when I discuss our strategic outlook.   And let me now complete our look at 2007 with a review of our segment highlights. Our consumer businesses delivered healthy growth in the midst of integrating the largest acquisition in our company’s history. The integration of PCH remains on track to deliver our synergy targets through 2009 and we expect the accretive impact of the acquisition on a GAAP basis will be realized in 2009, one full year ahead of our original plan.   The consumer segment saw operational sales growth of 44.2% and pro forma operational sales growth of 4.6% when the impact of PCH is reflected for both periods. Pro forma growth was ahead of estimated market growth rates.   We launched approximately 600 new products and line extensions in the year, including such launches as Listerine Whitening Quick Dissolving Strips, Aveeno Positively Ageless, and new products in the Tylenol Rapid Release line. And we also saw strong momentum and double-digit growth in key emerging markets.   This slide shows you the breakdown in sales and operational growth rates across our consumer franchises. As you can see, we saw continuing growth across all of our major franchises on an operational basis and this slide shows you the breakdown on pro forma sales and operational growth rates across our consumer franchises. We exceeded projected global category growth rates in four of five major franchises.   Our consumer business continues to differentiate itself and build its brands on a foundation of science-based innovation. Zyrtec, the number one prescribed allergy treatment in the United States, gained FDA approval for over-the-counter sales and will be on store shelves this week.   Ongoing product introductions and geographic expansion of major brands such as newly acquired Listerine and Nicorette, along with our key skin care brands will continue to be growth drivers and we will continue to focus on growth in emerging markets. This effort will be bolstered by our opening last month of a new consumer R&D center in Shanghai, which is dedicated to developing products for emerging markets around the world.   In pharmaceuticals, nine products had 2007 sales of over $1 billion, including two that reached this milestone for the first time, Risperdal Consta and Concerta. Many of our $1 billion plus products delivered high-single-digit or double-digit growth, including Remicade, Topamax, Risperdal Consta, and Concerta. And the cancer treatment Velcade exceeded the $500 million mark for the first time.   And we built on strong competitive positions across seven therapeutic areas, with 70% of our 2000 sales coming from products holding the number one or number two market positions. This breadth and depth enabled us to offset slower sales on Procrit and the impact of generic competition.   To advance our future growth, we also delivered on the pipeline targets we had established for the period of 2005 to 2007 and saw continued progress against new targets that we set for 2010.   This next slide provides you with greater detail on the sales and operational growth rates across our major pharmaceutical products. As you can see, the pharm segment on a whole grew by 4.3%. Generic competition on several of our products in several markets around the world negatively impacted growth by approximately 2.5 percentage points, while concerns in the U.S. about the appropriate use of ESAs had a similar negative impact. Excluding these impacts, we saw operational sales growth of almost 10%.   We made excellent progress in advancing our late stage pipeline in 2007. We launched the anti-bacterial Doribax in the U.S. in 2007 and this month in Europe we launched Ionsys, the first needle-free patient control system for post-operative pain. We also received approval in the U.S. just last week for the HIV medicine TMC125 which we will market as Intelence.   And we have four medicines currently filed -- the antibacterial Ceftobiprole in the U.S. and Europe; the long-acting injectable Paliperidone palmitate for schizophrenia, also in the U.S.; Ustekinumab, or CNTO 1275 for psoriasis in the U.S. and Europe; and Dapoxetine for premature ejaculation in several countries in Europe.   We also made important supplemental filings on a few of our newer products, including Prezista in the U.S. for treatment-naïve HIV patients; Concerta in the U.S. for adult ADHD; and Velcade in Europe for front-line multiple myeloma. Our partner, Millennium Pharmaceuticals, filed Velcade for this indication in the U.S. as well.   As we told you in June, we expect to make seven to 10 filings between 2008 and the end of 2010 and that remains our target. In fact, we expect to make our first filing of 2008 later this week with the pain medication Tapentadol in the U.S. Many of these compounds have the potential to be first or best-in-class treatments.   Our medical device and diagnostics franchises comprise the world’s largest technology business with capacity to treat some of the world’s most pervasive conditions more comprehensively than any other company. In a challenging year for Cordis, the medical devices and diagnostics business excluding drug-eluting stents grew nearly 10% operationally. We also enjoyed strong competitive positions across our diverse businesses, with more than 80% of 2007 sales coming from businesses in the number one or number two market position.   This next slide shows you the breakdown of sales and operational growth rates across our MD&D franchises. Our Vision Care business passed the $2 billion milestone for the first time and in the Cordis franchise, we saw double-digit growth in our Biosense Webster and neurovascular businesses.   We had a number of major approvals and launches in 2007, including the realized adjustable gastric band for the surgical treatment of morbid obesity; Animas 2020, the smallest full featured insulin pump available on the market; and Gene Search Breast Lymph Node Assay, a molecular diagnostic to detect the spread of breast cancer to the lymph nodes while a patient is undergoing initial surgery.   Last month, Gene Search was cited by Time Magazine as one of the top 10 medical breakthroughs of 2007.   We are well-positioned going into 2008 with a robust pipeline and strategic development programs in orthopedics, biosurgicals, bariatric surgery, vision care, and the other major categories. The medical device and diagnostic development work we discussed with you in October continues to progress nicely.   I am really proud of what our people have accomplished in 2007 in face of significant challenges. We recognize that there are still short-term pressures but there are even more extraordinary opportunities ahead. And let me begin by quickly reviewing the foundations of our business before looking out to 2008 and beyond.   As you know, at the foundation of Johnson & Johnson’s business is our fundamental commitment to our credo, which provides a common set of values to our 119,000 employees around the globe. The four tenants of our credo provide a clear focus and mindset for how we approach every decision -- patients and customers first, then our employees, our communities, and our shareholders.   We also work under an operating model that has served us well for decades. Its four elements are being broadly based in human healthcare, managing our businesses for the long term, taking a decentralized management approach, and focusing on our people and values.   Our credo and operating model, along with our financial strength, discipline, and talented people, have enabled us to build a track record of exceptionally consistent performance throughout the years -- 75 consecutive years of sales increases, 24 consecutive years of adjusted earnings increases, and 45 consecutive years of dividend increases, a track record that few if any companies can claim.  As we look to continue this performance for 2008 and beyond, our senior management team has set its sights on four basic priorities that we view as essential to this success. They are critical to serving all of our businesses and building on our position as the global leader in healthcare. They are also areas where we bring unique capabilities and strengths to bear, places where we have significant advantages over our competition.   These priorities are winning in healthcare, capitalizing on convergence, accelerating growth in emerging markets, and developing leadership and talent. Let me begin by discussing winning in healthcare.   Winning in healthcare really means two things. First, competing in the right business sectors and second, executing well with the right people, products, and pipelines in those sectors. Today, we compete in three very important sectors making up roughly 30% of the $4 trillion global healthcare market, as shown on this slide. As big as Johnson & Johnson is, however, we still represent only about 5% of total sales in those sectors so there is plenty of room for us to grow our existing franchises.   As you know, our existing franchises make up the broadest base of healthcare businesses in the industry and are well-known leaders across our three segments. We are continuing to grow our inline products, expand our iconic brands, and ensure that our pipelines enable us to develop sustainable leadership positions. We are also looking at areas where we may have a smaller presence to see how we can expand our positions and gain leadership positions in these areas.   We will continue to nurture new businesses within our existing family of companies and find ways to grow them into major contributors. One of many examples is the way that Ethicon Endo-Surgery and Cordis emerged out of the Ethicon business and have grown to become two of the most significant franchises in the company.   Each of those businesses grew into their own multi-billion dollar franchises as their markets developed. They were given resources, dedicated management, and the backing of Johnson & Johnson.   With the formation of our new surgical care group, we are also looking at how a more integrated view of an area like surgery could potentially drive innovation, growth, and a greater focus on the patient and doctor. With surgical care, we may further redefine surgery. For example, a potential new product like computer-assisted personalized sedation or CAPS, could allow procedures in locations outside the traditional hospital setting and it will make important screening procedures more accessible to patients. We believe this technology has the potential to transform the current standard of care and create entirely new business opportunities for us.   With the formation of our new comprehensive care group, we are also looking at how we can better address chronic and pervasive diseases where we operate today and where Johnson & Johnson's breadth and experience can make a difference for the patient.   In 2005, nearly 50% of the disease burden and 60% of mortalities were due to chronic diseases and in fact about 45% of global mortalities were attributed to four major chronic diseases -- cardio-vascular, cancer, diabetes, and arthritis -- places where Johnson & Johnson has a major presence. In the past, however, the industry has tended to take a more siloed product by product approach to these and other disease states rather than a broader view.   The comprehensive care group will now take disease states and bring Johnson & Johnson's full portfolio to bear on treatment efforts. We will continue looking more holistically at our patients and the full cycle of their health, from wellness and prevention programs to disease management and treatments.   So that gives you an idea of what we are doing in the 30% of healthcare where we compete today, but what about the opportunities in the other 70%?  There’s another enormous opportunity represented by this 70%, or about $2.8 trillion of sales in healthcare sectors where we do not compete today. It is in these other healthcare area sectors that we will be looking for entirely new platforms for growth.   Throughout our history, we have reached points where we looked beyond where we were and discovered our next evolutionary platform. We are now at just this juncture.   Over the next five to 10 years, the healthcare industry will go through one of the most dynamic periods of change in its history, based on expected changes in demographics, technology, demand, and affordability. No one is better positioned than Johnson & Johnson to deal with the changes in the healthcare landscape and to build successful businesses from these opportunities.   As I mentioned earlier, one way we are doing this is with our office of strategy and growth, which will look specifically at the white spaces in healthcare, places where we envision new opportunities but have not yet ventured forth.   This group will identify opportunities for growth that are distinct from those being pursued by our existing businesses. It will have responsibility for identifying where and how we build the next line of businesses that will take their place beside consumer, pharmaceuticals, and medical devices and diagnostics.   To win in healthcare, a highly productive pipeline is essential, whether it be in the existing 30% we compete in today or the on-tap 70%. Given the robust pipelines we currently have in pharmaceuticals, medical devices and diagnostics, and consumer, we are continuing to invest resources and attention to achieve organic productivity and build our business for the long term.   In 2007, we spent $7.7 billion on R&D, an increase of almost 8%, and we continue to take measures to increase our return on that investment.   For Johnson & Johnson, our commitment to pipeline productivity is broader than traditional pharmaceutical R&D. It means capitalizing on the global capabilities across all our businesses in ways that competitors cannot. We are taking advantage of our increasingly global reach to access innovation and talent around the world in markets like China and India, and to help us build faster and more efficient in R&D.   For example, a growing number of patients in our clinical trials comes from outside the U.S. and Western Europe. This speeds recruitment for the increasingly large scale trials and also provides us with data on a broader range of patient populations, something that helps us secure regulatory approvals in overseas markets and also helps us to manage our costs.   We can also leverage the engineering prowess, materials, and diagnostic capabilities, delivery and formulation expertise, and deep knowledge of patients and consumers across all our companies and geographies. By leveraging these strengths, we improve our productivity, speed to market, cost structure, and enhance the discoveries we can deliver to patients.   This type of collaboration in our R&D operations leads right into our next business priority, and that is capitalizing on convergence.   Our approach to innovation extends beyond our pipeline and includes nurturing breakthroughs within and across our business segments. As you heard us discuss throughout 2007, our broad base offers us a unique vantage point to both identify new patient needs and advance a trend towards convergence in healthcare. I would suggest that you think of convergence in two different ways -- first is the convergence of products and technologies and second is the convergence of patient-centric solutions for healthcare treatments.   Existing convergence models focus on bringing together products and technologies into a higher order product, much like the transformation that the Cypher stent ushered in to become the standard of care in the treatment of coronary artery disease.   Beyond technology convergence lies solution-based convergence whereby we seek to view the world from the vantage point of a patient or a consumer and address the needs of a condition from end to end, bundling together products and services. Let me offer some examples of convergence.   One example is in the area of heavy bleeding. Heavy uncontrolled bleeding is the leading cause of death due to injury around the world. In the U.S. alone, such trauma causes -- cases caused more than 160,000 deaths last year. Scientists from our Ethicon business have teamed up with OMRIX bio-pharmaceuticals and our biologics manufacturing team at Centocor to create a remarkable patch, one that could rapidly manage the whole spectrum of bleeding.   In this case, proprietary biologics are embedded on a biodegradable patch that is placed on the internal wound by a surgeon and it forms an instant clot when it comes in contact with blood. This product, the fiber, and patch is in early phases of clinical testing.   The second perspective on convergence is the convergence of patient-centric solutions. When you look at healthcare, first from a patient’s point of view, then the divisions that we sometimes see as healthcare suppliers begin to go away, the patient sees the many elements of his or her medical experience as part of one single treatment continuum. When Johnson & Johnson takes this patient-centric view of chronic and pervasive conditions like Diabetes or heart disease, it can deploy all its assets and medical knowledge to serve patients more effectively.   And let’s discuss diabetes as an example. This is a seriously under-treated, complex, and overwhelming disease. The diabetic patient often takes as many as 16 prescription medications, deals with conditions like obesity, coronary artery disease, and vision problems, and has a rolodex of care providers from physicians to educators to retailers. And when you think about the need for convergence of care, consider that over 70% of patients who are hospitalized for heart attacks test positive for diabetes or pre-diabetes, conditions they may not have know they even had.   Also consider the life cycle of this disease -- in an age of personalized medicine, we can use predictive technologies, such as our investigational diagnostic test for pre-diabetes, or new developments in bio-markers and genomics to understand a patient’s likelihood to have this disease.   A number of our products and medical devices might also help patients facilitate lifestyle changes or manage the disease. It might be products like Splenda that contribute to a healthier, low calorie diet, or monitors from Life Scan that help monitor blood glucose, pumps from Animas that deliver insulin or gastric bypass or joint replacement surgery that can return patients to more active lifestyles.   Within our one extraordinary company, Johnson & Johnson, we have the know-how, proprietary technology, and the capabilities of many diverse innovative franchises to address diseases like Diabetes and to address them in a more comprehensive way than any other company in the world.   Our next business priority is accelerating growth in emerging markets. Johnson & Johnson has been a global company since the 1920s when we established our first international affiliate in Canada and first overseas affiliate in Great Britain. We have continued since then to build businesses throughout the world and today we have a presence in 57 countries.   In the last year, 47% of our revenues were from outside the United States and we expect solid growth to continue in these markets. Still an important part of our growth strategy is the United States, which remains the leading global healthcare market and is projected to grow about 5% annually between now and 2015.   However, as you can see in this slide, the most significant product growth rates are occurring in emerging markets outside the U.S. in less developed countries like Brazil, Russia, India, and China, often referred to as the BRIC countries. And because of their sizable growth and the substantial investments being made over the next seven years, they will soon be commensurate in size to some of the more developed, slower growing international markets today.   In emerging markets, Johnson & Johnson can continue to build on its strength. Our historical double-digit growth rates exceed the projected average growth rates for these markets and bode well for continued success.   Incredible opportunities exist in the emerging markets not only in the BRIC countries but in other development markets where we can build off our existing presence or where we can address significant unmet needs in places like Mexico, Southeast Asia, and the Middle East.   We have strong and growing businesses in most of the countries. For example, in 2007 we actually celebrated our 50th year in India and continue to grow in strong, double-digit rates. Our decentralized operating model, our increasing global footprint, and our insights into the unique needs of local markets are all capabilities that will continue to serve us well. We have several strategies for the emerging markets that are common to all of our business segments -- addressing localized product and market strategies, building on our existing business strengths and our brand equity, focusing on mid-tier demographics, exploring new categories and new business models, and deploying an enterprise wide approach to areas like site development and recruiting. And let me describe a couple of these in more detail.  We are developing localized product to market strategies in each region. This means developing products for special market needs with pricing appropriate to the local market. We market Life Scan’s one-touch Horizon monitor in emerging markets where cost has been an impediment to people checking their blood glucose regularly. We are developing flavors, sense, and consumer packaging that are more in line with local needs and tastes; for example, fruit flavors of Nicorette gum for smoking cessation in Asia.  And as we explore medicines for some of the most prevalent illnesses in the emerging markets, illnesses like HIV, tuberculosis, and hepatitis C, we also recognize the need to implement access programs that take into account the needs of patients with limited means.   The Johnson & Johnson brand an many of our subsidiary companies have recognizable brands in many emerging markets. We are leveraging this in new market segments as a global Olympic partner for the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games. This is Johnson & Johnson's first cycle as an Olympic partner and we have seen the brand building impact in China already. With a nearly 50% increase in top-of-mind awareness, this impact will serve us not only during the Beijing Olympics but long after in building our reputation and our business.   Our final strategic area is developing leadership and talent. None of our strategies work without the right talent and expertise to drive them. At Johnson & Johnson, we take great pride in the way we develop our leaders and in the commitment we make to them. As a result of these efforts, I believe we have one of the richest talent pools in the corporate world and our strong leadership and people management programs have been recognized for years in industry surveys and media.   Our leaders are exposed to a variety of industries, company sizes, and geographies throughout their careers. In many cases, our executives are running companies within Johnson & Johnson that would be premiere public companies on their own. Sherry and Don, the recent senior executive appointments I mentioned before, are perfect cases in point. Both ran significant businesses at Johnson & Johnson in multiple sectors before their latest assignments.   So that concludes my review of the business highlights for 2007 and the strategies we are pursuing to better serve the evolving needs of our patients. To recap, 2007 was a year in which we overcame some unexpected challenges and delivered solid business results. This is all thanks to the perseverance and hard work of the many talented people across our company. We remain true to our credo and to the operating model that has helped drive our company’s track record of success over the long term. We remain committed to patients and to our customers all around the world.   We continue to feel very positive about opportunities in the healthcare market, about our ability to deliver useful, innovative medicines, technologies, and products, and about our focus on accelerating markets and accelerating growth.   I hope you share my excitement for the future of Johnson & Johnson and now I would like to turn it over to Dominic Caruso to take you through some financial details and others for 2008.   
139677	20080122	1330	3	Thank you, Bill and good morning, everyone. To wrap up our formal presentations, I would like to touch briefly on 2007 and then provide some comments for you to consider as you refine your models for 2008.   We are pleased with our solid financial results for 2007 and, as Bill highlighted for you, during 2007 we positioned ourselves well for continued success in the future. Our sales results for 2007 were above the mean of the analyst expectations as published by First Call, reflecting solid performances across many of our businesses. Our solid earnings performance demonstrates our ability to continue managing costs and improving margins.   We were also able to continue investing in the future and to increase our earnings estimates as we overcame the dilutive effect of the PCH and Conor acquisitions and offset the P&L pressures that came with the market challenges that we faced during the year.   I would like to point out some items that differ from the guidance I provided in October. First let’s review our effective tax rate. As you can see from the boxed section of the statement of earnings schedule attached to the press release, our effective tax rate was 22.1% for the full year 2007, lower than the guidance I provided in October of 23.5% to 24%. I am happy to report that we were able to implement some tax planning strategies as well as some adjustments resulting from the filing of our prior year tax return and therefore improve on the rate we had anticipated for the year. This lower tax rate increased earnings per share by approximately $0.07.   Also, you will see that other income and expense for 2007 was $534 million of expense, but this includes the write-down related to Natrecor. Other income and expense was $144 million of income excluding this Natrecor write-down, or lower than the guidance I provided in October of income between $250 million and $300 million. This is a result of several charges we took in the fourth quarter related to contract terminations, legal matters, and other non-operating items. These additional costs had negative impact to earnings per share of approximately $0.03.   Additionally, during the fourth quarter we experienced higher costs related to our restructuring efforts. We had previously estimated that these types of costs that are note separately includable in restructuring charges would be $0.02 to $0.03 per share. However, due to the acceleration of some of these activities, these costs are now approximately $0.05 per share or an additional negative impact to earnings of approximately $0.03.    So in summary, the $0.07 per share benefit achieved from the lower tax rate helped to offset the negative EPS impact of the additional cost items I mentioned, which aggregated to approximately $0.06 per share. The $0.01 remainder of the benefit from the lower tax rate and our strong operating results helped us exceed the higher end of my earnings guidance by $0.02.   Now an update on the $10 billion share repurchase program that we initiated in 2007. We began purchasing shares in August and through the end of 2007, we have purchased $3.6 billion of our stock. This share repurchase program, along with our dividends, demonstrates our commitment to returning value to our shareholders while allowing us the flexibility to invest in business building activities.   Now I would like to provide some comments for you to consider as you refine your models for 2008. Let’s start with a discussion of cash and interest income and expense.   During 2007, we continue to generate strong cash flows. In fact, for 2007, as Bill pointed out earlier, we generated free cash flow or cash flow after necessary capital expenditures of approximately $12 billion. At the end of 2007, we had approximately $200 million of net debt. This consists of approximately $9.3 billion of cash and investments and $9.5 billion of debt. This is an improvement of $2.3 billion in our overall net debt position from year-end 2006.   We achieved this improvement while completing the $1.4 billion acquisition of Conor Medsystems and utilizing $3.6 billion to repurchase shares. For purposes of your models, assuming no major acquisitions and considering the continuation if not full completion of the share repurchase program during 2008, I suggest you consider modeling net interest income and expense of between zero and a modest level of interest income.   Turning now to other income and expense, as a reminder of the nature of this account, this is where we record royalty income as well as one-time gains and losses arising from such items as litigation, gains or losses from investments by our development corporation, and asset sales.   This account is difficult to forecast but assuming no major one-time gains or losses, I would recommend that you consider modeling other income and expense for 2008 as a net gain, ranging from approximately $150 million to $200 million.   And now a word on taxes -- for 2007, the company’s effective tax rate excluding special items was 22.1%. I mentioned earlier in the fourth quarter we made some adjustments relating to the filing of our prior year tax return. Additionally, as you know, the R&D tax credit legislation has not been renewed for 2008.   We suggest that you model our effective tax rate for 2008 in the range of 24% to 24.5%. As always, we will continue to pursue opportunities in this area to improve upon this rate throughout the year.   Turning to sales, the current mean of analyst estimates for 2008 as published by First Call reflects a growth rate of 3.7%. We would be comfortable with your models reflecting total sales growth for the full year 2008 of between 4% and 5%. This would include operational sales growth of between 1% and 2% and a positive impact from currency of approximately 3% if rates were to remain where they are today.   Now turning to earnings -- when I last checked, the recent First Call mean estimate for our EPS for full year 2008 is $4.41 per share. I suggest that you consider full year 2008 EPS estimate, including the impact of IPR&D charges, restructuring charges, or other special items of between $4.39 and $4.44.   As you can see from my guidance, we are growing our earnings per share at a rate that is faster than the rate of growth in sales. This is the financial discipline at Johnson & Johnson that I often speak of. While this may vary in degree and by business segment year to year, or may be impacted from time to time by short-term dilutive impacts of acquisitions, this is a fundamental way we run our business; that is, growing income faster than sales over time.   In 2008, our share repurchase program will enhance our EPS and, as you work through the guidance I provided a few minutes ago, we would be comfortable with your models reflecting an improvement in pretax operating margins for 2008.   In closing, I would like to offer these final thoughts on 2007 and look at the year ahead. I am very proud to be able to report on the strong financial performance delivered this year because it is a testament to the hard work, dedication, and focus of the talented people across the Johnson & Johnson family of companies. As I’ve said to you throughout the year, Johnson & Johnson is committed to being a growth company and the results, priorities, and outlook provided today reinforce that.   Our commitment to growth means three things to us. First, we continue to focus on competing in the most attractive, fastest growing segments of healthcare and as Bill pointed out, we are also looking outside our current businesses for new platforms of growth.   Second, with our robust pipelines and advantages in the convergence of healthcare, we are well-positioned to build on our broad base and our superior science and technology for continued market leadership.   And third, with our strong business and our financial discipline, we expect to grow our earnings faster than our sales once again in 2008.   I look forward to updating you throughout the year and on our progress. Now, Louise, back to you.   
139677	20080122	1330	4	We will now begin our Q&A session. We ask that you wait for a microphone as this meeting is being webcast. And as we have Bill Weldon with us today, we ask that you keep your questions at the strategic level. Rick.   
139677	20080122	1330	5	Good morning, everybody. Bill, I understand that long-term emerging markets are a huge opportunity for JNJ and I appreciate [your strategy], but can you talk about the near-term risks, near-term being the next 12, 18 months, as global markets weaken and -- is that a big concern for you in ’08 and ’09 perhaps? Is that one of the major risks?  
139677	20080122	1330	6	I think that you are always concerned about the weakening of markets but I think as we move into healthcare and see some of the healthcare needs and the investments that many of these companies are making in healthcare, I think from the slide you saw that most of the developing world is growing two to three times faster than the developed world, so we think there are huge opportunities to move in and to be able to help treat patients and to create opportunities and value for ourselves, our shareholders, for the -- in treating patients. So we think healthcare is a great place to be and though there will be impacts on it, we think that the resources are being made available in most of these countries to take care of the healthcare needs of their people.   
139677	20080122	1330	7	Two other big picture questions quickly; you seem to be shaking up the organization in terms of personnel in significant ways, creating the new office -- but I see more change I think at divisional levels than I’ve seen in a long time. I’d be curious to hear your more personal thoughts about what are you trying to achieve where you are going? Is it all about growth, as you often say?   And maybe just lastly, it’s hard to resist asking the acquisition question. I might as well throw it out there. Does the current environment set you up for more opportunities do you think? Thank you.   
139677	20080122	1330	8	I wouldn’t describe it as shaking it up. I think it’s a natural -- it’s a natural progression to look at the growth and the opportunities going into the future. If you look first at our MD&D business, it was very diverse and very broad and it covered all kinds of things, as you all know. So what we decided to do is we felt we had two really great opportunities. One was to really look at the surgical patient because people talk about going in and using endoscopic instruments or sutures or whatever it may be or replacing these, but when you look at the patient, the patient really has a lot more needs than just the knee coming in. There’s a lot of things that are involved in and I think the example I gave here of this controlled sedation for the patients is going to revolutionize surgery and diagnostics and it’s really bringing more to bear on the surgical patient, the selection of the patient, and the treatment of the patient, other than just going in and doing the procedure itself.   So we think that there is a really great opportunity to bring the focus into that area and really focus on the operating suite and the surgical patient. That’s number one. And we had businesses that were natural for that area. If you look at Ethicon, Ethicon Endo, and DePuy, you had businesses that were really focused in that area and we can broaden those even beyond where they are today.   Then you look at comprehensive care and we are seeing more and more as healthcare is evolving that the healthcare system is looking at the patient and the example I gave in diabetes, they are looking holistically at the treatment of the patient and the patient is looking for how do I deal with my disease? Not just how do I monitor my glucose or how do I pump in insulin or how do I do this or do that, but how do I really manage it?  So we’re looking at how do we help manage these diseases so that we can manage them in a better way, we can actually -- I think we are probably one of the few organizations that can actually get up front and look at prevention and wellness as an opportunity for a business that will affect diabetes, it will affect cancer, it will affect cardiovascular disease. You can look at all of them and there is a real opportunity to get in earlier and it’s the right thing to do as well as a great opportunity to help move that forward.   But if you look at the diabetic patient, it’s all the way across and our target is if we can really manage the disease better and help the patients manage their disease better, we’ll preclude some of the amputations and some of the ocular problems and other things at the back end. So that’s how we’re going to really start looking at ourselves and it may be through things that we’re doing but it may mean that we have to reach out and form some relationships with partners, so there’s more to it.   But I think as you look at, and we’ve worked in the U.K. and we’ve worked in the U.S., we’ve worked in other areas, when you look at the total patient, there’s a tremendous opportunity to reduce healthcare costs and to really take care of patients.   And then the third one is this area of strategy and growth, and the reason that we started looking at that is we feel we’re very uniquely positioned to be able to drive our business through the three segments that we really deal with, and that’s the medical devices diagnostics, pharmaceuticals, and the OTC consumer business. But there is two-thirds of the healthcare market, or approximately $3 trillion, $2.8 trillion, that is also going to be critically important as healthcare goes into the future. So you can look at services, you can look at health information technology, it’s all built around information. And so we’re looking at areas where we’ve never gone before and if there’s an overlap, there may be a convergence down the road if you look at evidence-based medicine, electronic medical records, health information technology but today, it allows us to make investments in the future and when you look at the graph we put up there, you look at this -- it’s not a natural rhythm but there are times when we have gone into spaces -- 40 to 50 years ago we never thought we’d be in pharmaceuticals and it’s become a huge opportunity for us. And these continue to be huge opportunities. We’re not taking attention off of those, but we are also looking into how do we help shape the future and how do we become an integral part of that, again through investments, through partners, through doing things that we have really not considered before.   So we’re really excited about the opportunities to advance our businesses today and look into the future and make sure we are being current with what the needs are as we advance our own business.   Acquisitions -- one more, I’m sorry. The same thing goes here as always. We don’t talk about acquisitions. We have our models we use. We want to make sure as we look at acquisitions, we’re bringing products in, we’re bringing shareholder value. I think that’s really what it comes down to -- how do we enhance shareholder value for our shareholders through acquisitions, licenses, or other ways of driving our business forward.   
139677	20080122	1330	9	Mike.   
139677	20080122	1330	10	A couple of questions, and I’ll start with Bill and then maybe follow-up with Dominic. Bill, when we think about the past six months in particular, there was a lot of positive development in the pharmaceutical pipeline. It was, in my view, a bit of a critical period for the company as we [took longer term] terms into the next year or two but if we think about the company in the next five years, the pharmaceutical pipeline development is pretty important and the last six months were fairly encouraging. As you think about the number of product launches the company potentially has in 2008, 2009, 2010, can you talk just a little bit about the need to invest ahead of those launches, the need to restructure the pharmaceutical sales forces ahead of those launches and how that balances off versus the big cost restructure the company just did? And then I have a financial follow-up for Dominic.   
139677	20080122	1330	11	When we announced the realignment, if you want to call it a reorganization, earlier this year or earlier last year, it was really with the intent of understanding what the products that were coming into the market would be, so we didn’t see that we would -- we tried to reposition ourselves and we did reduce our sales forces, but we tried to position ourselves in a way that we’d be able to capitalize on the products that would be coming into the market going forward. So we don’t see that there needs to be huge changes as we go forward. We think we have the resources necessary. Now, there’ll be tweaks throughout as we always do but we think we’re really pretty well-positioned with our sales organizations to be able to launch the products in the markets we’re going into because most of them we compete in today. So we don’t see that there will be any real significant needs that will have to be addressed through the sales force.   Does that answer the question?  
139677	20080122	1330	12	Yeah, I mean, there are some categories -- I mean, we’re still early relative to some of the bigger pipeline products that are coming forward, but there are some categories you would be moving into and there are some drugs that are potentially going generic [inaudible]. There is some potential shifting within your pharmaceutical sales forces, right, naturally because of the evolution of the business?   Dominic, can I [inaudible] a little bit on your ’08 commentary? I remember a year ago you gave earnings guidance and I was struck by some of the commentary that I thought below the top line was conservative and a year later, I’m probably in the same position. Your tax rate commentary, you’re not assuming the extension of the R&D tax credits -- that’s what you meant by that?  
139677	20080122	1330	13	That’s right. We have not assumed the extension of the R&D tax credit in the tax rate guidance.   
139677	20080122	1330	14	And then maybe you could just explain if you would, you’re a little bit more conservative than we are on both of the other lines, the other income line and the other expense line. I just want to understand your guidance versus [the way that we were] modeling.   
139677	20080122	1330	15	Sure. Let’s take interest income and expense. It’s probably the easiest one and I gave guidance that it’s probably going to be break even or a modest amount of income. So what’s happening throughout the year is obviously we’re continuing to generate strong cash flows, we’re going to use a significant amount of that to repurchase stock, and then our cash build-up will be primarily overseas and our debt build-up will be in the U.S., so there’s a mix there that we need to think about when we forecast our interest rates. And then of course this past year, which will affect us in ’08, unlike it affected us in ’07, we actually took advantage of the lower long-term rates due to the credit market crisis and we termed out about $5 billion of our debt in much, much longer term rates, which we think are favorable rates for the long-term. Those balances were in very, very short-term commercial paper instruments earlier in the year.   So we have higher interest expense, if you will, on that debt moving into 2008, coupled with a little bit lower interest income on investments abroad. The net of that is that although we are going to generate positive cash, of course, it’s going to be nearly break-even in terms of interest income and expense.   In other income and expense, it’s primarily driven by number one, a base of royalty income and then each year, as I say, it’s difficult to forecast what other items may run through that line but we still have Pfizer integration costs running through that line, we still have a number of costs associated with multiple areas like product liability, closures of facilities and all those sort of costs that run through there, so we’ve tried to give you an estimate of what we think that net number for the year will be.   
139677	20080122	1330	16	Just to clarify that, so in the interest income line, what are you assuming? If you can share with us to the extent that you want to do, what are you assuming relative to your free cash flow generation? It looks like you are just assuming that that goes elsewhere -- maybe it’s the share buy-back or acquisition, and then on the other line, the other expense line, the Pfizer, the restructuring in the Pfizer piece, how much is that in 2008?  
139677	20080122	1330	17	I don’t want to give you a specific number for either of those but we are going to increase our free cash flow next year over this year. Again, as I said, most of that will be generated ex-U.S. versus U.S. And then the Pfizer integration cost, as I mentioned, will just continue in 2008, as well as the Pfizer synergy costs, which are above the line in SG&A and reflect in our pretax operating margins above the other income line.   
139677	20080122	1330	18	Larry.   
139677	20080122	1330	19	First, a question for Bill and then two pipeline questions; on the diabetes example, Bill, that was an impressive array of products but could you talk about some of the tangible benefits you expect to see for JNJ from bundling those products? And how do you incentivize people to work across divisions? The comprehensive care group is comprised of device divisions, but you are looking for people to work across the pharmaceutical division and consumer divisions as well.   
139677	20080122	1330	20	We may have some realignments as we go forward. They are really working on that right now. But I think it’s easier to explain in that the people in the pharmaceutical -- if you look at pharmaceutical R&D, for example, they are working looking at products that will improve diabetes or health in that area. We are doing stem cell research in that area and we are looking at having this group be able to take the products from those areas and bring them into the treatment for the patient in a total way, so we have areas where people are dedicated to diabetes even though they may not specifically be working in this area.   And what we are doing is setting up -- it’s actually small groups that are working together that are focused in this area. We’ve been working on this probably for about the last six or seven months where we brought teams of people from Cordis, if you look at the cardiovascular problems, if you look at Ethicon and amputations, you look at Vistakon and eye problems, the pharm group and others, we have a team of people that have worked on this and are actually bringing it together.   As far as the compensation, the compensation model will still remain consistent. There will be -- if you look at another is the realized gastric band. The Endo people are selling that for morbid obesity where people may not have diabetes but we’ll also have people involved dealing with specific weight loss for diabetes and they’ll be able to work together across the groups. But they’ve actually put up ways that they can do that.   
139677	20080122	1330	21	First on the pipeline, Telaprevir, could you give us an update on the initiation of the Phase III program in Europe and your filing date? At the R&D day last year you said you would start by the end of ’07 the Phase III trial and file 2009/2010, but a recent Vertex press release, as you know, said that you are doing few Phase II studies in Europe which will complete in the second half of 2008, and I was wondering if there was an update on that and how that affects your timeline.   And then on Golimumab, do you still plan to present the Phase III RA data at ULAR this year and file in the second quarter of 2008 to the U.S.? Thanks.  
139677	20080122	1330	22	Louise is looking some things up. I can make a couple of quick comments. On Telaprevir, we still are in the timeline that we had planned on for submission I think at the end of  2010. We are still on that same timeline and as far as 148, we are still on target.   
139677	20080122	1330	23	-- presenting that data at ULAR.   
139677	20080122	1330	24	You’re planning to present at ULAR the Phase III data and Telaprevir, Bill, you said filing towards the end of 2010 is what you are targeting right now?  
139677	20080122	1330	25	2010 timeframe.   
139677	20080122	1330	26	We’re still on target to -- Telaprevir is still on target. What’s going on in the U.S. is, you know, you’d have to talk to the other company about it.  
139677	20080122	1330	27	Thank you.   
139677	20080122	1330	28	Vince.  
139677	20080122	1330	29	Two questions for Bill; first, the company gave ’08 guidance but some would argue that 2009 is a really, really tough year where you’ve got Risperdal still facing generic and Topamax going generic. So as you look out to ’09, should we think about ’09 as a year looking similar to 2008 in terms of top line and bottom line? And then, can you talk about how you envision the company beyond 2009, beyond the difficult years? Do we get back to JNJ typical solid double-digit low teens type of EPS growth?  And then secondly, on the drug side, on the pharma side, we did have some management changes in 2007 announced, Joe Scodari stepping down, Chris Poon taking over. Should we assume though we get additional management announcements on the pharmaceutical side in 2008? Thanks.   
139677	20080122	1330	30	Let me take the second one first. We don’t anticipate any other changes. Joe had planned to retire. Chris was going to pick up the pharmaceutical group. She’s had a lot of experience there and we think we have -- there will be a great transition there that was planned and in place so we don’t see any other changes.   As far as 2008 and 2009, if you go back to what we did earlier this year to get really focused on growth and to really improve the cost structure of the company, those benefits, the $1.3 billion to $1.6 billion, are going to be carried on throughout ’08, ’09 and what not. So we feel we’ve really -- we’ve addressed the financial impact so we can manage our business going forward without worrying about it.   We recognize and I met with our pharm group the other day and July 1st of this year, the market will be different than it is June 1st. I mean, that’s a fact. So we are going to have to continue to do our jobs, get focused on the opportunities. We have great engines of growth throughout our business. We have a wonderful pipeline and I think that’s the big thing, and I guess Mike asked a question earlier; it is going to mean some more investments, even if it’s not in people it’s going to be in other types of investments. But we think that we’ve, through 2006, 2007, the approvals we’ll be seeing this year and beyond will position us very well as we move through 2008 and 2009, and I think in ’10, that will all be behind us.   So we are very excited about where we are today, the changes we’ve made, and the focus we have on the opportunities and developing and bringing the pipeline to life. So yeah, it’s going to be -- you know, we’re not blind to the challenges but we feel we’ve really looked at and acknowledged the Risperdal and Topamax issues and we feel we’ve gotten ahead of them and we’re going to power through it and do the job that we’ve always done.   
139677	20080122	1330	31	…2010 we get back to typical JNJ, you know --   
139677	20080122	1330	32	2010 we’ll be moving along nicely.   
139677	20080122	1330	33	Bob.   
139677	20080122	1330	34	Bill, a quick follow-up question on some of the earlier ones; you talked about being at something of an inflection point in your corporate history as you try to take advantage and win in healthcare more broadly. Obviously historically you’ve been focused on consumer and mostly in the healthcare product side. It sounds like from what you are communicating here is that as we move forward, whether it’s internally or externally, you are going to become a lot more focused on healthcare services. Is that a fair interpretation of your comments?  
139677	20080122	1330	35	Well, you know, there’s a lot of things in that other $2.8 trillion that’s out there. It’s more than just services but yeah, I think services are going to be very important. I think information is critically important and we end up selling information. It’s information that is going to drive the evidence-based decisions the physicians will be making in the future. It’s going to also be information that’s going to eliminate the problems and the issues that are going on in hospitals today, where there may be concomitant use or misinterpretation of drugs.   So there’s lots of opportunities out there, Bob. So I think service is one of them but it’s really the reason why we put this group together because it is all encompassing when you get out there and some of it is easy for us to see today and I think everyone can see it and everyone is talking about it. There’s not a lot being done but a lot of people are talking about it.   But there’s a lot of other things in there and that’s what the group is going to do, is they are going to explore the opportunities and they are really going to be looking at ways that we can make investments that will really set up the next $20 billion franchise for JNJ.   But services you have to say are going to be a very important part of that and I think over time you will also see that some of these services and information are going to actually merge with some of our core businesses further down the road.   I can’t predict the future. All I can say is that I think we’ll be very well-positioned and we have a group that’s going to be able to help us really make some choices. Some of them are going to be wrong and we know that, but hopefully some of them are going to be right and we’re going to be very well-positioned, better than anyone else.   
139677	20080122	1330	36	Thank you for that, and then just one quick follow-up on the medical device side; do you feel like you are comfortable with your current portfolio or are there still product areas that you feel represent gaps that you’d like to address as you look forward? Thank you.   
139677	20080122	1330	37	I think when you look at medical devices, there’s always new innovations coming through and there’s always new things, so we keep our eyes opened. I don’t think we have all the answers and I think there’s going to be a lot of tremendous change that’s going to go on and new things. Hopefully some of them will be developed or discovered or invented internally, but there will be a lot externally and I think you look at micro-electronics, they are going to have a huge play as you go forward.   So there’s a whole lot of things and I don’t think we have them all in-house, so we’ll continue to look for opportunities external as well as develop them internal.   
139677	20080122	1330	38	Catherine.   
139677	20080122	1330	39	Bill, you were very candid about the headwinds that the [erythropoietin stimulating agents] franchise caused you in 2007 and I’m wondering as I interpret your 2008 guidance if you are making some assumptions regarding solving the bleeding of that franchise, if you will, in regard to the penetration rates. You had mentioned market share, Louise, in your comments but penetration rates are obviously a key component of when you reach trough levels. Is that going to happen in 2008?  And then my second question is about the office of strategy; could you tell me if those folks are going to be compensated based on what they bring to you in 2008? And do they have to bring to you current revenue and profit-generating businesses?  
139677	20080122	1330	40	The second one is very simple; no, they don’t have to bring -- they are not going to be evaluated on are they going to bring profits in 2008. I think they are going to be looked at as are they making investments.   I think as they comb the landscape, they will see a lot of opportunities that will actually be able to be fed into the other businesses for the other ones to pursue, and they may find things that are going to be able to be creating revenue, if not profits, very shortly in short term. But I think it’s more of an investment in the future and that it will not be viewed as being evaluated on are you creating income for us this year. But it will be evaluated on the potential of income growth for the future.   As far as the ESAs, that was the other question, and Procrit, I think it’s going to be hard to comment on that. What we are pleased about, we’re obviously disappointed about the way the market has really contracted over time but we are very pleased about the performance of Procrit in the market because we’ve actually been able to gain share.   Right now we’re seeing a leveling off. We have the ODAC meeting next month. We can’t predict what’s going to happen there. We feel, you know, when used appropriately, we have a wonderful drug that over a long term has been shown to be very safe and very effective and we are going to continue to try and drive the product and drive the results appropriately, because we do feel it’s safe, it’s efficacious when used appropriately, and brings extraordinary benefits to patients.   So we think we’ll be able to continue to drive it and we have a strong commitment behind it.   
139677	20080122	1330	41	Just as a follow-up, if you don’t reach trough penetration in ’08, your guidance is still okay?  
139677	20080122	1330	42	If we don’t reach what?  
139677	20080122	1330	43	Trough penetration in some of the key segments like human therapy dysonemia, anemia of cancer --  
139677	20080122	1330	44	We feel good with where we are with Procrit in our forecast.  
139677	20080122	1330	45	Next question over here, Bruce.   
139677	20080122	1330	46	Bill, just kind of putting ballpark ranges around it, when you look at next year’s guidance, what sort of operational revenue decline is built in for pharma and/or increase?  And a follow-up with regard to Catherine’s question with ESAs, you know, we’ve modeled for chemotherapy induced anemia something like a 75% decline in Medicare patients. In the U.S., do you see the ESA market down 50%, 60%? What’s the ballpark you see in the U.S.? Thank you.    
139677	20080122	1330	47	You know, we don’t give any numbers on the financials and the impacts on pharmaceuticals. I think we see the ESAs, I think we are going to see will continue to maybe show some declines this year. I don’t think the magnitude of the ones you were describing but we’ll continue to see declines.   
139677	20080122	1330	48	Glenn.   
139677	20080122	1330	49	Could you just talk a little bit conceptually about the launch of OTCs, or technically the economics of the launch like that are? I assume it’s not a moneymaker for several years and I thought you sort of sworn off the whole category with the old days of [inaudible] and the like, so maybe talk a little bit about the development of your decision to go ahead with that.   
139677	20080122	1330	50	In all OTC area?  
139677	20080122	1330	51	Just that product in particular, Zyrtec.   
139677	20080122	1330	52	Zyrtec -- our feeling about Zyrtec -- we feel very good about it. Obviously it was the number one prescribed pharmaceutical. We’ve looked at Claritin. We’ve looked at other products and the models that they’ve used. We’ve worked closely with our partners, the Wal-Marts and CVSs and Rite-Aids and Walgreen’s and everyone else to make sure that we have a good relationship there. And we feel very good about where we are going. We feel very good about the investments. We started shipping actually Zyrtec, the trucks started I think Monday morning and we’ll have it on the shelves by the end of this week.   So basically, I think we have a very strong program, a comprehensive program when looking at all the experiences we could gain from everyone else’s launches and taking advantage of begin able to move patients from the prescription area into this area as well as to look at it that we feel Zyrtec is probably the most effective of all the products. So when you start looking at the treatment in this area, we think that there’s a big opportunity for the product.   
139677	20080122	1330	53	And the economics of a launch like that, how much does it actually cost you to launch and what’s the break-even? How many years conceptually does it take to break even on a launch like that? Is it two years, one year, five years?  
139677	20080122	1330	54	We’re not going to talk about that level of specificity, but we wouldn’t be excited about it if we didn’t think it was going to make us money in a reasonable amount of time.   
139677	20080122	1330	55	With respect to everybody’s time, we’ll now close the meeting with some final remarks from Bill.   
139677	20080122	1330	56	I’ll just make them from here. I really do want to thank everyone for coming. I also want to tell you how we feel that the organization really did respond to some extraordinary pressures and challenges in 2007 and delivered very solid results. We are very excited, as I said, about 2008 and beyond and we are going to continue to drive our business and we do have a MD&D review set up for June in New Brunswick and we look forward to seeing you all there. Thanks very much.    
